English Français Deutsch Print This Page  
  

Terms of Service

Last Updated: March 17, 2023

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY PRIOR TO USING THE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S) CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.THESE TERMS OF SERVICE INCLUDE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, AN ARBITRATION PROVISION CONTAINING A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**

These terms of service (this "Agreement" or "TOS") set forth a legally binding contract between You and KIXEYE Inc., a Delaware corporation headquartered in San Francisco, CA ("KIXEYE," "we," "our," or "us"), governing Your access and use of all our websites, including affiliated websites owned and operated by us (collectively, our "Site"), our applications, games, and any related services (collectively, the "Service"), whether provided directly by us or by any third-party (e.g. Facebook, Apple App Store, third-party game website, etc.). "You," "Your," and "Yourself" mean the person who uses the Service.

By using the Service, You agree that You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. In addition, when accessing or using certain elements of the Service, You will be subject to any additional terms, as applicable, which are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement, including, without limitation, our Privacy Policy, our Forum Rules, and any end user license agreements for any of our software that You use to access to the Service. In case of any conflict between this Agreement and the Forum Rules or other published terms related to the Service, this Agreement will prevail.

1. Requirements for Accessing and Using the Service. Without limiting any other provisions of this Agreement, in order to use the Service, You must (a) be at least 13 years old and able to enter into this legally binding Agreement with KIXEYE; (b) obtain the permission of Your parent or legal guardian to use the Service if You are under 18 years old (or older if residing in a state or country where the majority age is older); (c) accept and agree to all the terms of this Agreement; and (d) comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all applicable law.
    

3. Your Limited Right To Use the Service. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and only as long as You fully comply with its terms, You are granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited, personal license (expressly subject to the limitations below) to access and use the Service solely for Your personal, non-commercial entertainment purposes. The Service and the Site are protected by federal and common law copyrights (for the images, content, music, and associated source code), federal and common law trademark rights (including, without limitation, Vega Conflict™, Rise of Firstborn®, Battle Pirates®, War Commander®, War Commander: Rogue Assault™, and KIXEYE® (name and logo)), trade secret and other proprietary rights and laws (collectively, the "Intellectual Property Rights"). You acknowledge and agree that: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of KIXEYE, (b) You do not acquire any ownership rights in or to the Intellectual Property Rights, except as expressly granted in this Agreement, and (c) You will not use the Service in any way other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement or with prior written permission from KIXEYE. Any rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by KIXEYE.
    

5. Prohibited Activity. Without limiting any other terms of this Agreement, You agree that You will not, under any circumstances:
    
    * Create more than one Account (as defined below) for using the Service per platform outside Kixeye.com;
        
    
    * Misrepresent Yourself to us or any other user of the Service;
        
    
    * Sell, rent, gift, trade, barter, exchange, or otherwise transfer or commercialize any Virtual Items (as defined below), or other rights to the Service, except as expressly provided in this Agreement;
        
    
    * Create, use, distribute, or promote any cheats, hacks, tools, or other computer programs that alter gameplay or the Service or use any other game file other than those provided by KIXEYE to access the Service;
        
    
    * Use the Service to send "spam" messages or advertise or promote goods or services;
        
    
    * Use any macros, auto-looters, bots, auto-refreshers, or other software programs or add-ons to automate gameplay or the Service;
        
    
    * Exploit glitches, bugs, errors in design, or undocumented features in the Service to gain access to restricted content or features, avoid payments, or obtain a gameplay advantage;
        
    
    * Attempt to bypass encryption, security, or game control measures in the Service;
        
    
    * Hack, interfere with, or disrupt the Service or any computers or networks connected to or enabling the Service;
        
    
    * Use the Service to post or otherwise transmit (a) any email addresses, personally identifying information (other than Your User Information (as defined below)), or content that is threatening, abusive, bullying, harassing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, invasive of another's privacy, or discriminatory; (b) any content that You are prohibited by applicable law or contract from posting or transmitting; (c) any content that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; or (d) any content that You did not create or to which You do not have sufficient rights to post or transmit;
        
    
    * Upload any files containing viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interfere with the functioning of the Service, including, but not limited to, any software, hardware, or communication system related thereto;
        
    
    * Post content or engage in conduct that, in KIXEYE's sole judgment, may expose KIXEYE or its users to any harm or liability;
        
    
    * Reverse engineer, copy, frame, distribute, sell, modify, de-compile or disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code of, in whole or in part, or create a derivative work of the Service (including, without limitation, any software underlying the Service), except as expressly permitted by applicable law or applicable, valid open source license; or
        
    
    * Engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping, or other automated data gathering or extraction methods in connection with the Service.
        
    

7. Your Account. In order to access certain aspects of the Service, You may need to create an account (an "Account") on the Site or on Facebook, Google+, Apple iTunes, or another third-party platform authorized by us. If You access or download any portion of the Service through a third party, You will be subject to such third party's terms and conditions in addition to this Agreement. To create an Account, You must select a password and provide certain user information that may contain personally identifying information and payment account information ("User Information"). All User Information You provide us from time to time must be truthful, accurate, current, and complete. You agree to promptly notify us of any changes to Your User Information. Our Privacy Policy governs our collection, use, and storage of Your User Information. You are solely responsible for ensuring the confidentiality of Your Account credentials (i.e., Your Account password and login information) and maintaining the security of such information. You agree not to authorize any other person to use Your Account credentials to access the Service. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED OR PERFORMED USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS, WHETHER AUTHORIZED BY YOU OR NOT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ACTUAL OR ALLEGED FRAUD, TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING VIRTUAL CURRENCY, AND UNAUTHORIZED PAYMENTS. You must notify KIXEYE immediately at [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) if: (1) You believe any of Your Account credentials have been obtained or used by any unauthorized person or (2) You become aware of any other breach or attempted breach of the security of the Service or Your Account. In order to use certain aspects of the Service, You may need certain equipment and/or hardware and You may need to download and update certain third-party software for which certain third-party fees may apply. You are solely responsible for any and all third-party fees that You may incur in connection with Your use of the Service, including, but not limited to, any fees for cellular data usage or Internet use.
    
    NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN ANY ACCOUNT STORED OR HOSTED ON OUR SYSTEM AND THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO SUCH ACCOUNTS SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE OWNED BY AND INURE TO THE BENEFIT OF KIXEYE.
    

9. Suspension and Termination. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law and without limiting any other provisions of this Agreement or our rights or remedies under applicable law or this Agreement, You agree that KIXEYE, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate Your Account and/or Your access to and use of the Service, without notice and liability to You or any third party, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, Your actual or suspected violation of this Agreement or applicable law. Upon any such suspension or termination, Your license to use the Service will immediately be suspended or terminated (including Your license to Virtual Items), and KIXEYE may immediately deactivate or delete Your Account and all related information and files in Your Account, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law. If You wish to terminate this Agreement, You must stop using the Service. The provisions of Sections 2, 4-12, and 14 shall survive any termination of this Agreement for any reason.
    

11. Your Content. You are solely responsible for all content You upload, transmit, post, publish on or through the Service (collectively, "User Content"). By posting User Content on or through the Service, You hereby grant KIXEYE and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, and irrevocable license to copy, display, transmit, perform, distribute, store, modify, sublicense, and otherwise use Your User Content in any way and for any purpose in connection with the Service in accordance with our Privacy Policy, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, You hereby completely and irrevocably waive any moral rights or similar interest(s) with respect to KIXEYE's use of Your User Content used by KIXEYE. The license for User Content granted to KIXEYE in this Section, and the related waiver of any applicable moral rights, shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
    
    When You post User Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that You have the right, power, and authority to post that User Content and grant the license in this Section. You further represent and warrant that by posting such User Content You are not violating any third-party rights of any kind, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, and privacy rights. To the extent Your User Content may be copyrightable, You represent, warrant, and covenant that You are the owner of all the copyright rights to such User Content and that KIXEYE may exercise the rights to Your User Content granted under this Agreement without any liability or obligation for any payment to You or any third parties.
    
    You agree that You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any User Content uploaded, transmitted, posted, published on or through the Service by others, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such User Content. You are solely responsible for Your interactions with any other user. KIXEYE reserves the right, but not the obligation, to become involved in any disputes between users in connection with the Service.
    
    Before publishing any User Content on or through the Service, You should keep in mind that other users may view, use, reproduce, or appropriate Your User Content in ways that You may not approve or authorize. All User Content is deemed non-confidential public information in which You should have no expectation of privacy. We cannot be responsible for any third party use or misuse of Your User Content You make available on or through the Service.
    
    Without undertaking any obligation to screen or monitor User Content, KIXEYE has the right (but not the obligation) to edit, modify, refuse to post or remove any User Content that it determines, in its sole discretion, violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that KIXEYE may, but is not obligated to, preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content to the extent permitted by applicable law and as provided in our Privacy Policy.
    
    KIXEYE does not wish to receive and will not accept unsolicited ideas or suggestions as a general matter of policy. Any suggestions, feedback, or data that You submit, post, publish, or otherwise publicize on, through, or in connection with the Service are deemed User Content and are governed by this Agreement. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to accept, use, return, evaluate, or consider such ideas or suggestions, and we will be entitled to use and disseminate such ideas and suggestions without restriction and for any purpose whatsoever without acknowledgment or compensation to You or any third party.
    

13. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
    
    * Notice of Infringement. If You are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe any User Content infringes upon Your copyrights, You may submit a written notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") to our copyright agent at:
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax: [click to view number](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        In order to take action, Your notice must: (a) include Your physical or electronic signature; (b) identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notice, a representative list of such works at that site; (c) identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and provide information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (d) provide a way for us to contact You, such as Your address, telephone number, or email address; (e) provide a statement that You have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or applicable law; and (f) provide a statement that the information in the notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. We cannot take action unless You give us all required information, and You acknowledge that if You fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, Your DMCA notice may not be valid. Without limiting any other provisions of this Agreement, we may terminate Your Account if You repeatedly infringe upon third-party copyright rights.
        
    
    * Counter-Notice. If You believe that Your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that You have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to applicable law, to post and use such material, You may submit a written counter-notice to our copyright agent at:
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax: [click to view number](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        In order to take action, Your counter-notice must: (a) include Your physical or electronic signature; (b) identify Your User Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which Your User Content appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; (c) include a statement, under penalty of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that Your User Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of Your User Content; and (d) include Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if Your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that You will accept service of process from the person who provided the DMCA notice to us or an agent of such person. If a proper counter-notice is received by our copyright agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that we may replace the removed User Content or cease disabling it in ten business days. We may, in our discretion, replace or restore access to the removed User Content and cease disabling access to it in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, unless our designated agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the DMCA notice that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the owner of the removed User Content from engaging in infringing activity relating to such User Content.
        
    

15. Fees. KIXEYE reserves the right to charge for any portion of the Service and to change its fees or subscription rates (if any) from time to time in its sole discretion. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law,You are responsible for all charges or debits to any payment method linked to Your Account (including any third-party fees associated therewith) for transactions and other activities authorized or performed using Your Account credentials. Any fees or charges paid by You for or in connection with the Service, including enhanced gameplay features or Virtual Items, are deemed fully earned by KIXEYE when paid by You.
    
    We may offer some of our Services on a subscription basis ("Subscription") to You. If You purchase a Subscription, the Subscription will have immediate effect and you agree to an automatically renewing monthly (or other term as agreed to) subscription term at the rate displayed at the time of your purchase. Subscriptions purchased through a third-party platform, such as Apple, may be charged to you by the third-party (iTunes Account) and the third-party’s payment terms shall apply. Your account will be charged for your Subscription renewal 24-hours prior to the end of the current term period. You may cancel your Subscription by turning off auto-renew at least 24-hours prior the end of the current term period in Your account settings.
    

17. Virtual Items. KIXEYE may, in its sole discretion, offer You the ability to purchase or earn a limited license to virtual goods and/or virtual currency for use in connection with the Service ("Virtual Items"). If KIXEYE offers the ability to purchase or earn such a license, KIXEYE hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, personal, limited right and license to use Virtual Items only for Your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use exclusively in connection with the Service, subject to the terms of this Agreement.
    
    Such limited license may be earned by performing certain specified tasks in connection with the Service and may be purchased within the Service or through a third-party authorized by KIXEYE. Once earned or purchased, Virtual Items will be reflected in Your Account. KIXEYE may, in its sole discretion, limit the amount of Virtual Items that may be purchased, earned, or redeemed. The Service is constantly changing and evolving to keep the games fun and challenging for all. Rules, attributes, goals, missions, power balance, and gameplay features will change over time, often without notice, as part of this natural creative and game balance/optimization process. Accordingly, You acknowledge and agree that KIXEYE, in its sole discretion, may engage in actions that may impact the perceived value or purchase price, if applicable, of Virtual Items at any time, except as prohibited by applicable law. KIXEYE makes no guarantee as to the nature, quality, continuity or value of any game play features or Virtual Items (or the availability or supply thereof).
    
    Virtual Items may only be used in connection with the Service. You may not distribute, lease, license, sell, rent, gift, exchange, convert, or otherwise transfer or assign Your license to Virtual Items or Your Account, without KIXEYE's prior express consent or as expressly permitted by this Agreement or through the Service. Any attempted disposition of Virtual Items in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void and will terminate Your license.
    
    Except for the limited licenses granted under this Agreement or as otherwise required by applicable law, You do not have any right, title, or interest in Your Account or any Virtual Items associated therewith. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved by KIXEYE, including, but not limited to, all rights, title, and interest in and to in Your Account and any Virtual Items associated therewith.
    
    Except as otherwise required by applicable law, Virtual Items are not redeemable for cash or other monetary value from KIXEYE, another user of the Service, or any other person. Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value in real currency and do not act as a substitute for real currency. Neither KIXEYE nor any other person or entity has any obligation to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value, including, but not limited to, real currency. Except as prohibited by applicable law, You are solely responsible for all transactions made through Your Account regardless of whether or not such transactions were authorized by You.
    
    EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT KIXEYE MAY SUSPEND OR REVOKE YOUR LICENSES TO VIRTUAL ITEMS AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON WITHOUT NOTICE, REFUND, OR COMPENSATION TO YOU. ALL PURCHASES OF VIRTUAL ITEMS ARE FINAL AND ARE NOT REFUNDABLE, TRANSFERABLE, OR EXCHANGEABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE CASH OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS IF YOUR ACCOUNT AND/OR YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE ARE SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED.
    

19. Our Warranties and Disclaimers; Service is Provided on an "As-Is" and "As-Available" Basis. FROM TIME TO TIME THE SERVICE MAY HAVE BUGS, ERRORS, AND INTERRUPTIONS. THESE BUGS ERRORS AND INTERRUPTIONS MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT YOUR GAMEPLAY, THE PERCEIVED VALUE OF YOUR USED AND UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS. KIXEYE ONLY PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON STRICTLY AN "AS IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, KIXEYE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY REGARDING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, KIXEYE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ITS USE WILL (A) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR SECURE, (B) WILL BE FREE OF BUGS, INACCURACIES, OR ERRORS, (C) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (D) WILL OPERATE IN THE CONFIGURATION OR WITH THE HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE YOU USE, OR (E) WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
    
    YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT KIXEYE SHALL BEAR NO RISK WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY LINKS, SERVICES, OR INFORMATION INCORPORATED INTO, LINKED WITH, OR USED WITH THE SERVICE.
    
    SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. HOWEVER, ANY LIMITATION WILL BE CONSTRUED TO MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
    

21. Our Liability.
    
    * Indemnification and Release. You agree to release, indemnify, and hold KIXEYE, its affiliates, and its and their employees, officers, and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses, fines, penalties, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from or in any way related to: (i) Your use of the Services, (ii) Your violation of this Agreement, applicable law, or any third-party rights, or (iii) Your fraud or willful misconduct. Such indemnified parties reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by You, in which event You will cooperate in asserting any available defenses.
        
    
    * Release. If You are a California resident, You waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." If You are a resident of another jurisdiction, You waive any comparable statute or doctrine.
        
    
    * Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE (OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE), KIXEYE, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND AGENTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: (I) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR DATA) EVEN IF SUCH PERSONS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (II) ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID KIXEYE IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO SUBMITTING NOTICE OF YOUR CLAIM OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US$100).
        
        SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
        
        THE INDEMNITY, RELEASE, AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY REPRESENT A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR KIXEYE TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.
        
    
    * No Liability for Third-Party Websites and Services. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to third-party websites and resources on the Internet. KIXEYE provides such links and connections for Your reference only. KIXEYE has no control over such websites and resources, and KIXEYE is not responsible for and does not endorse such websites and resources. You further acknowledge and agree that KIXEYE will not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by Your reliance on any content, events, goods, or services available on any such websites or resources. All dealings You have with third parties found while using the Service are between You and the third party, and You agree that KIXEYE is not liable for any loss or claim that You may have against such third party. You should review any applicable third-party terms and conditions, including third-party privacy policies, carefully as those terms may apply to Your use of third-party websites and recourses.
        
    

23. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; CLASS ACTION WAIVER. For any and all controversies, disputes, demands, claims, or causes of action between You and us (including the interpretation and scope of this Section and the arbitrability of the controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action) relating to the Service or this Agreement (as well as any related or prior agreement that You may have had with us), You and we agree to resolve any such controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action exclusively through binding and confidential arbitration. For United States residents, the arbitration will take place in the federal judicial district of Your residence. For international residents, the arbitration will take place within 50 miles of any KIXEYE office. As used in this Section, "we" and "us" mean KIXEYE and its subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assigns and all of its and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, and representatives. In addition, "we" and "us" include any third party providing any product, service, or benefit in connection with the Service or this Agreement (as well as any related or prior agreement that You may have had with us) if such third party is named as a co-party with us in any controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action subject to this Section.
    
    Arbitration will be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The arbitration will be conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") with substantial experience in resolving commercial contract disputes. As modified by this Agreement, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing, the arbitration will be governed by the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, the "Rules and Procedures"). Where no claims or counterclaims exceed $10,000, the dispute will be resolved by the submission of documents without a hearing, unless a hearing is requested by a party or deemed necessary by the arbitrator, in which case, a party may elect to participate telephonically.
    
    You should review this provision carefully. To the extent permitted by applicable law, You are GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend Your rights EXCEPT for matters that You file in small claims court in the state or municipality of Your residence within the jurisdictional limits of the small claims court and as long as such matter is only pending in that court. Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party's patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall not be subject to this arbitration agreement. Such claims shall be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in San Francisco County, California. Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, You or us may seek emergency equitable relief before the state or federal courts located in San Francisco County, California in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration and hereby agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco County, California for such purpose. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of the right to arbitrate.
    
    Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury. You are entitled to a FAIR HEARING, BUT the arbitration procedures may be SIMPLER AND MORE LIMITED THAN RULES APPLICABLE IN COURT. Arbitrators' decisions are as enforceable as any court order and are subject to VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT.
    
    You and we must abide by the following rules: (A) ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR US MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; (B) THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS, MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND MAY NOT AWARD CLASS-WIDE RELIEF; (c) in the event that You are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of Your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to the cost of litigation, (d) we also reserve the right, in our sole and exclusive discretion, to assume responsibility for any or all of the costs of the arbitration; (e) the arbitrator will honor claims of privilege and privacy recognized at law; (f) the arbitration will be confidential, and neither You nor we may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by applicable law or for purposes of enforcement of the arbitration award; (g) subject to the limitation of liability provisions of this Agreement, the arbitrator may award any individual relief or individual remedies that are expressly permitted by applicable law; and (h) You and we will pay our respective attorneys' fees and expenses, unless there is a statutory provision that requires the prevailing party to be paid its fees and litigation expenses and the arbitrator awards such attorneys' fees and expenses to the prevailing party, and, in such instance, the fees and costs awarded will be determined by the applicable law.
    
    This Section will survive termination of Your Account and this Agreement as well as any voluntary payment of any debt in full by You or any bankruptcy by You or us. With the exception of subparts (a) and (b) above of this Section (prohibiting arbitration on a class or collective basis), if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the Rules and Procedures, then the balance of this arbitration provision will remain in effect and will be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting part was not contained herein. If, however, either subpart (a) or (b) above of this Section is found to be invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision will be null and void, and neither You nor we will be entitled to arbitration. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute shall be exclusively brought in state or federal court located in San Francisco County, California.
    
    For more information on the AAA, the Rules and Procedures, or the process for filing an arbitration claim, You may call the AAA at 888-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at [http://www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/).
    

25. Amendments. We are constantly modifying, updating, expanding, and improving our Service. KIXEYE reserves the right, subject to applicable law, to make changes, modify, or add or remove portions of this Agreement, the Forum Rules, our Privacy Policy, and other incorporated terms and policies at any time, in our sole discretion. Material changes to this Agreement shall not be applied retroactively. If we update this Agreement, You will be required to either accept the terms or choose not to accept the terms. If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement or any modified version of this Agreement, Your sole recourse is to terminate Your use of the Service, in which case You will no longer have access to Your Account. No one at KIXEYE is authorized to modify this Agreement with You or otherwise enter into an agreement with You that conflicts with this Agreement, except by means of written agreement signed by an authorized agent of KIXEYE, and any other purported modifications or alterations or conflicting terms shall be null and void.
    

27. General Terms.
    
    * Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
        
    
    * Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire and sole agreement between You and KIXEYE with respect to the Service and supersedes all prior understandings, arrangements, or agreements, whether written or oral, regarding the Service, whether written, verbal or established, assumed, or inferred by prior use, custom, or practice. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
        
    
    * Assignment. We may assign, delegate, or transfer any or all of our rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party at our discretion without any prior notice to You. All Your rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal to You and may not be assigned, delegated, or transferred without our prior written consent (which may be withheld for any or no reason), and any purported assignment that does not satisfy such requirement shall be null and void.
        
    
    * Force Majeure. KIXEYE shall not be liable for a failure or delay to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, without limitation, natural disasters, war, terrorism, government action/intervention, accidents, strikes, labor issues, geopolitical conflicts, or disruptions to transportation, supplies, power, or network infrastructure.
        
    
    * Waiver and Severability. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or a delay by any party in the enforcement of any right hereunder, shall neither be construed as a continuing waiver nor create an expectation of non-enforcement of that or any other provision or right. Any purported waiver must be in a written instrument signed by each of You and KIXEYE. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, then, that provision (or portion thereof) notwithstanding, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed omitted.
        
    
    * Statute of Limitations. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to Your use of the Service or this Agreement must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
        
    
    * Notices. Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy and applicable law, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to determine the form and means of providing notices to You. For example, we may provide notices to You in writing or electronically by sending You emails, "push" mobile device notifications, and text messages and/or by posting notices on the Site. All notices to us that are intended to have a legal effect must be in writing and delivered in writing to the following address: KIXEYE, 1020 SE 7th Ave, #14099 Portland, OR 97214 USA, ATTN: Legal Department, which will be deemed to be given upon our actual receipt thereof.
        
    

29. Contact Information. You may contact us at [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) to report any violations of this Agreement or if You have any questions regarding this Agreement or the Service.
    

Conditions d'utilisation

Dernière mise à jour : 17 mars 2023

**VEUILLEZ LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT CES CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION AVANT D'UTILISER LE SERVICE. EN UTILISANT LE/LES SERVICE(S), VOUS ACCEPTEZ TACITEMENT CES CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION. CELLES-CI COMPRENNENT, ENTRE AUTRES, UNE CLAUSE D'ARBITRAGE CONTENANT UNE RENONCIATION AUX RECOURS COLLECTIFS.**

Les présentes conditions d'utilisation (le présent "Accord" ou "CGU") constituent un contrat juridiquement contraignant entre vous et KIXEYE Inc., une société du Delaware dont le siège social est situé à San Francisco, CA ("KIXEYE", "nous", "notre", ou "nos"), régissant votre accès et votre utilisation de tous nos sites web, y compris les sites web affiliés que nous possédons et exploitons (collectivement, notre "Site"), nos applications, nos jeux et tous les services connexes (collectivement, le "Service"), qu'ils soient fournis directement par nos soins ou par un tiers (par exemple : Facebook, App Store d'Apple, site web du jeu d'un tiers, etc.). Les termes "vous," "votre" et "vos" désignent la personne qui utilise le Service.

En utilisant le Service, vous reconnaissez avoir lu, compris et accepté d'être lié par les termes du présent Accord. En outre, lorsque vous accédez à certains éléments du Service ou que vous les utilisez, vous êtes soumis à des conditions supplémentaires, le cas échéant, qui sont incorporées par référence dans le présent Accord, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les termes de notre Politique de confidentialité, les règles de notre forum et les termes du contrat de licence d'utilisateur final de tout logiciel nous appartenant et que vous utilisez pour accéder au Service. En cas de conflit entre le présent Accord et les règles du forum ou d'autres conditions publiées relatives au Service, le présent Accord prévaudra.

1. Conditions d'accès et d'utilisation du Service. Sans limiter les autres clauses du présent Accord, pour utiliser le Service, vous devez (a) avoir au moins 13 ans et être en mesure de conclure cet accord juridiquement contraignant avec KIXEYE ; (b) obtenir l'autorisation d'un parent ou de votre représentant légal pour utiliser le Service si vous avez moins de 18 ans (ou plus si vous résidez dans un État ou pays où la majorité est plus élevée) ; (c) accepter tous les termes du présent Accord ; et (d) vous conformer à tous les termes et conditions du présent Accord ainsi qu'à toutes les lois en vigueur.
    

3. Votre droit limité d'utiliser le Service. Sous réserve des conditions du présent Accord, et tant que vous en respectez pleinement les termes, vous bénéficiez d'une licence personnelle non exclusive, incessible, révocable et limitée (expressément soumise aux limitations ci-dessous) pour accéder au Service et l'utiliser uniquement à des fins de divertissement personnel et non commercial. Le Service et le Site sont protégés par des copyrights fédéraux et de common law (pour les images, le contenu, la musique et le code source associé), des droits de marque fédéraux et de common law (y compris, sans limitation, Vega Conflict&trade;, Rise of Firstborn&reg;, Battle Pirates&reg;, War Commander&reg;, War Commander: Rogue Assault&trade;, et KIXEYE&reg; (nom et logo)), le secret commercial ainsi que d'autres droits et lois relatifs à la propriété (collectivement, les "Droits de propriété intellectuelle"). Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que : (a) les Droits de propriété intellectuelle sont et resteront la propriété exclusive de KIXEYE ; (b) vous n'acquérez aucun droit de propriété sur les Droits de propriété intellectuelle, à l'exception de ceux expressément accordés dans le présent Accord ; et (c) vous n'utiliserez pas le Service d'une autre manière que celle expressément autorisée dans le présent Accord sans autorisation écrite préalable de KIXEYE. Tous les droits qui ne sont pas expressément accordés dans le présent Accord sont réservés par KIXEYE.
    

5. Activités interdites. Sans limiter les autres conditions du présent Accord, vous acceptez de ne pas, en aucun cas :
    
    * Créer plus d'un Compte (tel que défini ci-dessous) par plateforme pour utiliser le Service en dehors de Kixeye.com ;
        
    
    * Faire de fausses déclarations, que ce soit à notre attention ou à celle des autres utilisateurs du Service ;
        
    
    * Vendre, louer, donner, échanger, troquer, transférer ou commercialiser d'Objets virtuels (tels que définis ci-dessous) ou d'autres droits relatifs au Service, sauf dans les cas expressément prévus par le présent Accord ;
        
    
    * Créer, utiliser, distribuer ou promouvoir de moyens de tricher, de hacks, d'outils ou de programmes informatiques qui altèrent le gameplay ou le Service, ni d'utiliser d'autres fichiers de jeu que ceux fournis par KIXEYE pour accéder au Service ;
        
    
    * Utiliser le Service pour envoyer des messages de "spam" ni pour promouvoir ou faire la publicité de biens ou services ;
        
    
    * Utiliser de macros, de ramasseurs automatiques de butin, de bots, d'auto-looters, de bots, d'actualiseurs automatiques ni tout autre programme informatique ou extension permettant d'automatiser le gameplay ou le Service ;
        
    
    * D'exploiter les bugs, les erreurs de conception ou les fonctionnalités non documentées du Service pour accéder à du contenu ou à des fonctions interdites, éviter les paiements ou obtenir un avantage dans le jeu ;
        
    
    * Tenter de contourner les mesures relatives au chiffrement, à la sécurité ou aux commandes de jeu du Service ;
        
    
    * Hacker, perturber ou interférer avec le Service ni avec les ordinateurs ou réseaux qui y sont connectés ou qui lui permettent de fonctionner ;
        
    
    * Utiliser le Service pour publier ou diffuser (a) d'adresses e-mail, d'informations permettant de vous identifier (autres que vos Informations d'utilisateur (telles que définies ci-dessous)) ni de contenu menaçant, injurieux, agressif, diffamatoire, obscène, pornographique, discriminatoire, assimilable à du harcèlement ou susceptible de nuire à la vie privée d'autrui ; (b) de contenu que la loi ou tout contrat en vigueur vous interdit de publier ou de diffuser ; (c) de contenu qui présente ou crée un risque pour la vie privée ou la sécurité d'autrui ; ou (d) de contenu que vous n'avez pas créé ou que vos droits ne vous autorisent pas à publier ou à diffuser ;
        
    
    * Télécharger (uploader) de fichiers contenant des virus ou tout autre code, fichier ou programme informatiques conçu pour modifier le fonctionnement du Service, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, tout logiciel, matériel ou système de communication associé ;
        
    
    * Publier de contenu ou faire preuve d'un comportement qui, à la seule appréciation de KIXEYE, pourrait exposer KIXEYE ou ses utilisateurs à un préjudice ou engager leur responsabilité ;
        
    
    * Rétroconcevoir, copier, isoler, distribuer, vendre, modifier, décompiler, désassembler ou tenter de découvrir le code source du Service, en tout ou en partie, ni de créer une œuvre dérivée du Service (y compris, sans s'y limiter, tout logiciel sous-jacent au Service), sauf dans les cas expressément autorisés par la loi en vigueur ou par une licence open source valable ; ni de
        
    
    * Vous livrer, en lien avec le Service, au data mining ou au scraping, ni à utiliser des robots ou toute autre méthode permettant de collecter ou d'extraire automatiquement des données.
        
    

7. Votre Compte. Afin d'accéder à certains aspects du Service, vous devrez peut-être créer un compte (un "Compte") sur le Site ou sur Facebook, Google+, Apple iTunes ou sur une autre plateforme tierce habilitée par nos soins. Si vous téléchargez ou accédez à une partie du Service par l'intermédiaire d'un tiers, vous serez soumis aux conditions d'utilisation de ce tiers en plus des termes du présent Accord. Pour créer un Compte, vous devez choisir un mot de passe et fournir certaines informations d'utilisateur susceptibles de contenir des données permettant de vous identifier ainsi que des informations de compte de paiement ("Informations d'utilisateur"). Toutes les Informations d'utilisateur que vous nous fournissez de temps à autre doivent être véridiques, exactes, à jour et complètes. Vous consentez à nous informer rapidement de toute modification de vos Informations d'utilisateur. Notre politique de confidentialité régit la manière dont nous collectons, utilisons et stockons vos Informations d'utilisateur. C'est à vous et à vous seul qu'il appartient d'assurer la confidentialité des identifiants de connexion de votre Compte (par exemple, l'identifiant et le mot de passe de votre Compte) et de veiller à la sécurité de ces informations. Vous acceptez de n'autoriser aucune autre personne à utiliser les informations de connexion de votre Compte pour accéder au Service. SAUF EXIGENCE CONTRAIRE DE LA LOI EN VIGUEUR, VOUS ÊTES ENTIÈREMENT RESPONSABLE DE TOUTES LES TRANSACTIONS ET AUTRES ACTIVITÉS AUTORISÉES OU EFFECTUÉES EN UTILISANT LES INFORMATIONS DE CONNEXION DE VOTRE COMPTE, QUE VOUS LES AYEZ PERMISES OU NON, Y COMPRIS, MAIS SANS S'Y LIMITER, LES FRAUDES RÉELLES OU ALLÉGUÉES, LES TRANSACTIONS IMPLIQUANT DE LA MONNAIE VIRTUELLE ET LES PAIEMENTS NON AUTORISÉS. Vous devez immédiatement informer KIXEYE à l'adresse [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) si : (1) si vous pensez que les Informations de connexion de votre Compte ont été obtenues ou utilisées par une personne non autorisée ou si (2) vous découvrez toute autre violation ou tentative de violation de la sécurité du Service ou de votre Compte. Afin d'utiliser certains aspects du Service, il se peut que vous ayez besoin d'équipement et/ou de matériel particuliers et que vous deviez télécharger, puis mettre à jour, des logiciels tiers pour lesquels des frais annexes pourraient vous être facturés. Vous êtes entièrement responsable de tous les frais tiers qui pourraient vous être facturés dans le cadre de votre utilisation du Service, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, ceux liés à l'utilisation des données mobiles ou d'Internet.
    
    NONOBSTANT TOUTE DISPOSITION CONTRAIRE AUX PRÉSENTES, VOUS RECONNAISSEZ ET ACCEPTEZ QUE VOUS NE DÉTENEZ AUCUN DROIT DE PROPRIÉTÉ SUR LES COMPTES STOCKÉS OU HÉBERGÉS DANS NOTRE SYSTÈME ET QUE TOUS LES DROITS LIÉS À CES COMPTES SERONT TOUJOURS DÉTENUS PAR KIXEYE À SON PROPRE BÉNÉFICE.
    

9. Suspension et résiliation. Sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit et sans limiter les autres clauses du présent Accord ou nos droits et recours en vertu de la loi en vigueur ou du présent Accord, vous acceptez que KIXEYE, à sa seule discrétion, puisse suspendre ou résilier votre Compte et/ou votre accès au Service et à son utilisation, sans préavis ni obligation envers vous ou tout tiers, à tout moment et pour quelque raison que ce soit, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, la violation réelle ou présumée des termes de cet Accord ou de la loi en vigueur. Lors d'une telle suspension ou résiliation, la licence qui vous permet d'utiliser le Service sera immédiatement suspendue ou résiliée (licence liée aux Objets virtuels comprise) et KIXEYE pourra immédiatement désactiver ou supprimer votre Compte ainsi que tous les fichiers et informations qui lui sont associés, sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit. Si vous souhaitez résiliez le présent Accord, vous devez cesser d'utiliser le Service. Les clauses des sections 2, 4-12 et 14 continueront de s'appliquer après toute résiliation du présent Accord pour quelque raison que ce soit.
    

11. Votre contenu. Vous êtes entièrement responsable de tout le contenu que vous téléchargez (uploadez), diffusez et/ou publiez sur ou via le Service (collectivement, le "Contenu d'utilisateur"). En publiant du Contenu d'utilisateur sur ou via le Service, vous accordez tacitement à KIXEYE et à ses sociétés affiliées une licence non exclusive, mondiale, libre de droits, entièrement payée, transférable, cessible, perpétuelle et irrévocable permettant de copier, afficher, diffuser, exécuter, distribuer, stocker, modifier, céder en sous-licence et utiliser votre Contenu d'utilisateur de quelque manière et à quelque fin que ce soit dans le cadre du Service, conformément aux termes de notre politique de confidentialité. En outre, et dans les limites permises par la loi en vigueur, vous renoncez complètement et irrévocablement à tout droit moral ou intérêt similaire concernant l'utilisation faite par KIXEYE de votre Contenu d'utilisateur. La licence relative au Contenu d'utilisateur accordée à KIXEYE dans cette section et la renonciation à tout droit moral en vigueur associé continueront de s'appliquer après toute résiliation du présent Accord.
    
    Lorsque vous publiez du Contenu d'utilisateur sur ou via le Service, vous déclarez et garantissez avoir le droit, le pouvoir et l'autorité de publier ce Contenu d'utilisateur et d'accorder la licence prévue dans cette section. Vous déclarez et garantissez en outre qu'en publiant ce Contenu d'utilisateur, vous ne violez aucun droit de tiers, quel qu'il soit, y compris, sans s'y limiter, les droits de propriété intellectuelle, les droits de publicité et le droit au respect de la vie privée. Dans la mesure où votre Contenu d'utilisateur pourrait être protégeable, vous déclarez, garantissez et convenez que vous êtes le propriétaire de tous les droits de copyright relatifs à ce Contenu d'utilisateur et que KIXEYE peut exercer les droits relatifs à votre Contenu d'utilisateur accordés en vertu du présent Accord sans aucune responsabilité ou obligation de paiement à votre égard ou à l'égard d'un tiers.
    
    Vous consentez à évaluer et accepter tous les risques liés à l'usage de tout Contenu d'utilisateur téléchargé (uploadé), diffusé ou publié sur ou via le Service par d'autres personnes, y compris l'évaluation de leur exactitude, de leur exhaustivité ou de leur utilité. Vous êtes entièrement responsable de vos interactions avec les autres utilisateurs. KIXEYE se réserve le droit, mais non l'obligation, d'intervenir dans tout litige entre utilisateurs en relation avec le Service.
    
    Avant de publier du Contenu d'utilisateur sur ou via le Service, vous devez garder à l'esprit que les autres utilisateurs auront la possibilité de le voir, de l'utiliser, de le reproduire ou de se l'approprier d'une manière que vous pourriez ne pas approuver ou autoriser. Le Contenu des utilisateurs dans son ensemble est considéré comme étant des informations publiques, non-confidentielles, envers lesquelles vous ne devriez avoir aucune attente en matière de confidentialité. Nous ne saurions être tenus responsables de tout usage, abusif ou non, fait par un tiers du Contenu d'utilisateur que vous mettez à disposition sur ou via le Service.
    
    Sans s'engager à filtrer ou à surveiller le Contenu des utilisateurs, KIXEYE a le droit (mais pas l'obligation) de modifier, de supprimer ou de refuser la publication de tout Contenu d'utilisateur qui selon la société, à sa seule discrétion, viole les termes du présent Accord ou est répréhensible de quelque façon que ce soit. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que KIXEYE peut, sans en avoir l'obligation, conserver le Contenu des utilisateurs et également le divulguer dans les limites permises par la loi en vigueur et tel que prévu dans notre Politique de confidentialité.
    
    KIXEYE ne souhaite pas recevoir d'idées ou de suggestions non sollicitées et a pour politique de ne pas accepter celles-ci. Toute suggestion, réaction ou donnée que vous soumettez, publiez ou rendez publique sur, via ou en relation avec le Service est considérée comme étant du Contenu d'utilisateur et est régie par le présent Accord. Vous reconnaissez que nous n'avons aucune obligation d'accepter, d'utiliser, de renvoyer, d'évaluer ou de prendre en considération ces idées ou suggestions, et que nous serons en droit de les utiliser et de les diffuser sans restriction et à quelque fin que ce soit, sans reconnaissance ni compensation à votre égard ou à l'égard d'un tiers.
    

13. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
    
    * Notification d'infraction. Si vous êtes titulaire de droits de copyright ou l'agent d'un tel titulaire et que vous estimez que du Contenu d'utilisateur porte atteinte à ces droits, vous pouvez envoyer une notification écrite, conformément au Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), à notre agent chargé des questions de copyright, à l'adresse :
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax : [cliquez pour voir le numéro](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        Pour qu'une action puisse être entreprise, votre notification doit : (a) inclure votre signature physique ou électronique ; (b) identifier l'œuvre protégée supposément concernée par l'infraction, ou, si la notification couvre plusieurs œuvres protégées se trouvant sur un même site en ligne, dresser une liste représentative de celles-ci ; (c) identifier le contenu supposément en infraction ou faisant l'objet d'une activité contrevenante et qui doit être supprimé ou dont l'accès doit être désactivé, et fournir des informations raisonnablement suffisantes pour nous permettre de localiser ce contenu ; (d) fournir un moyen permettant de vous contacter, tel que votre adresse postale, votre numéro de téléphone ou votre adresse e-mail ; (e) inclure une déclaration selon laquelle vous pensez de bonne foi que l'usage qui est fait du contenu n'est pas autorisé par le détenteur des droits de copyright, son agent ou la loi en vigueur ; et (f) inclure une déclaration selon laquelle les informations contenues dans la notification sont exactes et, sous peine de parjure, que vous êtes autorisé à agir au nom du détenteur d'un droit exclusif prétendument enfreint. Nous ne pouvons agir que si vous nous fournissez toutes les informations requises, et vous reconnaissez que si vous ne vous conformez pas à toutes les exigences de la présente section, votre notification DMCA peut ne pas être valable. Sans limiter les autres clauses du présent Accord, nous pouvons résilier votre Compte si vous enfreignez de manière répétée les droits de copyright de tiers.
        
    
    * Contre-notification. Si vous estimez que votre Contenu d'utilisateur qui a été supprimé (ou auquel l'accès a été désactivé) ne constitue pas une infraction, si vous avez l'autorisation du détenteur des droits de copyright ou de son agent de publier et d'utiliser ce contenu, ou si la loi en vigueur vous le permet, vous pouvez envoyer une contre-notification écrite à notre agent chargé des questions de copyright, à l'adresse :
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax : [cliquez pour voir le numéro](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        Pour qu'une action puisse être entreprise, votre contre-notification doit : (a) inclure votre signature physique ou électronique ; (b) identifier votre Contenu d'utilisateur qui a été supprimé ou auquel l'accès a été désactivé ainsi que l'endroit où il apparaissait avant sa suppression ou la désactivation de son accès ; (c) inclure une déclaration selon laquelle, sous peine de parjure, vous pensez de bonne foi que votre Contenu d'utilisateur a été retiré ou désactivé à la suite d'une erreur ou d'une identification erronée ; et (d) inclure votre nom, votre adresse postale, votre numéro de téléphone ainsi qu'une déclaration selon laquelle vous reconnaissez la compétence de la cour fédérale du district judiciaire où l'adresse est située, ou, si vous résidez hors des États-Unis, de tout district judiciaire dans lequel nous nous trouvons, et que vous accepterez la signification de l'acte de procédure de la part de la personne qui nous a envoyé la notification DMCA ou d'un agent de cette personne. Si notre agent chargé des questions de copyright reçoit une contre-notification en bonne et due forme, il est possible que nous envoyions une copie de cette contre-notification à la partie plaignante initiale pour l'informer du fait qu'il se pourrait que nous remettions à disposition le Contenu d'utilisateur ou que nous rétablissions son accès dans les dix jours ouvrables. Nous pouvons, à notre seule discrétion, remettre à disposition le Contenu d'utilisateur supprimé ou rétablir son accès dans les 10 à 14 jours ouvrables qui suivent la réception de la contre-notification, à moins que notre agent désigné ne reçoive d'abord une communication de la personne qui a soumis la notification DMCA l'informant qu'elle a intenté une action en justice visant à obtenir une ordonnance de la cour afin d'empêcher le propriétaire du Contenu d'utilisateur supprimé de se livrer à des activités illicites en rapport avec ce Contenu.
        
    

15. Frais. KIXEYE se réserve le droit de facturer toute partie du Service et de modifier ses tarifs ou le prix de ses abonnements (le cas échéant) de temps à autre, à sa seule discrétion. Sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit, vous êtes responsable de tous les frais ou prélèvements effectués via les moyens de paiement liés à votre Compte (y compris les frais associés relatifs à des tiers) pour les transactions et autres activités autorisées ou effectuées à l'aide des informations de connexion de votre Compte. Tous les frais que vous payez pour utiliser le Service ou qui sont relatifs à celui-ci, y compris ceux liés aux fonctionnalités améliorant le gameplay ou aux Objets virtuels, sont considérés comme étant totalement acquis par KIXEYE lorsque vous les réglez.
    
    Il se peut que nous vous proposions certains services sous forme d'abonnement ("Abonnement"). Si vous souscrivez un Abonnement, celui-ci prend immédiatement effet et vous consentez à ce qu'il soit automatiquement renouvelé chaque mois (ou toute autre fréquence convenue) au tarif affiché au moment de la souscription. Les Abonnements souscrits par l'intermédiaire d'une plateforme tierce, telle qu'Apple, peuvent vous être facturés par le tiers (compte iTunes), auquel cas les conditions de paiement de ce tiers s'appliquent. Votre compte sera débité pour le renouvellement de votre Abonnement 24 heures avant l'arrivée à échéance de ce dernier. Vous pouvez annuler votre Abonnement en désactivant le renouvellement automatique au moins 24 heures avant l'arrivée à échéance de l'Abonnement dans les paramètres de votre Compte.
    

17. Objets virtuels. KIXEYE peut, à sa seule discrétion, vous offrir la possibilité d'acheter ou de gagner une licence limitée pour des biens virtuels et/ou de la monnaie virtuelle à utiliser dans le cadre du Service ("Objets virtuels"). Si KIXEYE vous offre la possibilité d'acheter ou de gagner une telle licence, KIXEYE vous concède par le présent Accord un droit et une licence non exclusifs, non transférables, révocables, personnels et limités qui vous permettent d'utiliser les Articles virtuels uniquement pour votre usage personnel, non commercial et à des fins de divertissement, exclusivement dans le cadre du Service, conformément aux termes du présent Accord.
    
    Cette licence limitée peut être gagnée en effectuant certaines tâches spécifiques en relation avec le Service et peut être achetée dans le cadre du Service ou par l'intermédiaire d'un tiers autorisé par KIXEYE. Une fois gagnés ou achetés, les Objets virtuels apparaissent sur votre Compte. KIXEYE peut, à sa seule discrétion, limiter le nombre d'Objets virtuels qu'il est possible d'acheter, de gagner ou d'obtenir par échange. Le Service change et évolue constamment pour que les jeux restent amusants et stimulants pour tous. Les règles, les attributs, les objectifs, les missions, l'équilibrage et les fonctionnalités liées au gameplay changeront au fil du temps, souvent sans préavis, dans le cadre du processus naturel de création et d'équilibrage/optimisation des jeux. Par conséquent, vous reconnaissez et acceptez que KIXEYE, à sa seule discrétion, peut entreprendre des actions qui peuvent avoir un impact sur la valeur perçue ou le prix d'achat, le cas échéant, des Objets virtuels à tout moment, sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit. KIXEYE n'offre aucune garantie quant à la nature, la qualité, la continuité ou la valeur des fonctionnalités de jeu ou des Objets virtuels (ni quant à la disponibilité ou l'approvisionnement de ceux-ci).
    
    Les Objets virtuels ne peuvent être utilisés que dans le cadre du Service. Vous ne pouvez pas distribuer, louer, concéder sous licence, vendre, louer, donner, échanger, convertir, transférer ou céder votre licence d'utilisation relative aux Objets virtuels ou à votre Compte sans l'autorisation expresse préalable de KIXEYE ou tel qu'expressément permis par le présent Accord ou par le Service. Toute tentative de cession d'Objets virtuels enfreignant les termes du présent Accord sera nulle et non avenue et entraînera la résiliation de votre licence.
    
    À l'exception des licences limitées accordées en vertu du présent Accord ou tel que requis par la loi en vigueur, vous n'avez aucun droit, titre ou intérêt sur votre compte ou sur les Objets virtuels qui y sont associés. Sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit, tous les droits qui ne sont pas expressément accordés par le présent Accord sont réservés par KIXEYE, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, tous les droits, titres et intérêts relatifs à votre Compte et à tous les Objets virtuels qui y sont associés.
    
    Sauf si la loi en vigueur l'exige, les Objets virtuels ne peuvent être échangés contre de l'argent ou tout autre élément à valeur monétaire auprès de KIXEYE, d'un autre utilisateur du Service ou de toute autre personne. Les Objets virtuels n'ont pas de valeur équivalente en monnaie réelle et ne constituent pas un substitut à celle-ci. Ni KIXEYE ni aucune autre personne ou entité n'a l'obligation d'échanger des Objets virtuels contre quoi que ce soit ayant de la valeur, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, de la monnaie réelle. Sauf si la loi en vigueur l'interdit, vous êtes entièrement responsable de toutes les transactions effectuées via votre Compte, que vous les ayez autorisées ou non.
    
    SAUF SI LA LOI EN VIGUEUR L'INTERDIT, VOUS RECONNAISSEZ QUE KIXEYE PEUT SUSPENDRE OU RÉVOQUER LES LICENCES D'UTILISATION RELATIVES À VOS OBJETS VIRTUELS À TOUT MOMENT ET POUR QUELQUE RAISON QUE CE SOIT, SANS PRÉAVIS, REMBOURSEMENT OU COMPENSATION. TOUS LES ACHATS D'OBJETS VIRTUELS SONT DÉFINITIFS ET NE SONT EN AUCUN CAS REMBOURSABLES, TRANSFÉRABLES OU ÉCHANGEABLES, SAUF SI LA LOI EN VIGUEUR L'EXIGE. VOUS ACCEPTEZ LE FAIT QUE VOUS NE RECEVREZ PAS D'ARGENT NI D'AUTRES COMPENSATIONS POUR LES OBJETS VIRTUELS NON UTILISÉS SI VOTRE COMPTE ET/OU VOTRE ACCÈS AU SERVICE SONT SUSPENDUS OU RÉSILIÉS.
    

19. Nos garanties et clauses de non-responsabilité ; le Service est fourni "tel quel" et "sous réserve de sa disponibilité". DE TEMPS À AUTRE, LE SERVICE PEUT ÊTRE AFFECTÉ PAR DES BUGS, DES ERREURS ET DES INTERRUPTIONS. CES BUGS, ERREURS ET INTERRUPTIONS PEUVENT AVOIR UN IMPACT NÉGATIF SUR VOTRE EXPÉRIENCE DE JEU ET SUR LA VALEUR PERÇUE DE VOS OBJETS VIRTUELS, UTILISÉS OU NON. KIXEYE NE FOURNIT LE SERVICE QUE "TEL QUEL" ET "SOUS RÉSERVE DE SA DISPONIBILITÉ". DANS LES LIMITES MAXIMALES PERMISES PAR LA LOI EN VIGUEUR, KIXEYE DÉCLINE EXPRESSÉMENT TOUTE GARANTIE, EXPRESSE, IMPLICITE OU STATUTAIRE CONCERNANT LE SERVICE, Y COMPRIS, MAIS SANS S'Y LIMITER, LES GARANTIES IMPLICITES DE TITRE, DE JOUISSANCE PAISIBLE, DE CONFORMITÉ, DE QUALITÉ MARCHANDE ET D'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER. SANS LIMITER CE QUI PRÉCÈDE, KIXEYE NE DÉCLARE NI NE GARANTIT QUE LE SERVICE OU SON UTILISATION (A) SERONT ININTERROMPUS, RÉGULIERS OU SÛRS, (B) SERONT EXEMPTS DE BUGS, D'INEXACTITUDES OU D'ERREURS, (C) RÉPONDRONT À VOS EXIGENCES, (D) FONCTIONNERONT DANS LA CONFIGURATION OU AVEC LE MATÉRIEL OU LE LOGICIEL QUE VOUS UTILISEZ, OU (E) SERONT EXACTS OU FIABLES.
    
    VOUS COMPRENEZ ET ACCEPTEZ QUE KIXEYE N’ASSUME AUCUNE RESPONSABILITÉ CONCERNANT LES RISQUES RELATIFS AUX LIENS, SERVICES OU INFORMATIONS DE TIERS INCORPORÉS DANS LE SERVICE, LIÉS À CELUI-CI OU UTILISÉS AVEC LUI.
    
    CERTAINS ÉTATS N'AUTORISENT PAS L'EXCLUSION OU LA LIMITATION DES GARANTIES IMPLICITES, DE SORTE QUE LES EXCLUSIONS ET LIMITATIONS CI-DESSUS PEUVENT NE PAS S'APPLIQUER À VOUS. TOUTEFOIS, TOUTE LIMITATION SERA INTERPRÉTÉE DANS LES LIMITES MAXIMALES AUTORISÉES PAR LA LOI EN VIGUEUR.
    

21. Notre responsabilité.
    
    * Indemnisation et décharge. Vous acceptez d'indemniser, d’exempter et de tenir KIXEYE, ses sociétés affiliées et leurs employés, dirigeants et agents à l'abri de toute réclamation, poursuite, responsabilité, dommage (réel et consécutif), perte, amende, pénalité, coût et dépense (y compris les honoraires raisonnables d'avocat) découlant de ou liés de quelque façon que ce soit à : (i) votre utilisation des Services, (ii) une infraction de votre part aux termes du présent Accord, à la législation en vigueur ou portant atteinte aux droits d'un tiers, ou (iii) une fraude ou une faute intentionnelle de votre part. Les parties indemnisées se réservent le droit d'assumer la défense et le contrôle exclusifs de toute question faisant l'objet d'une indemnisation de votre part, auquel cas vous coopérerez en faisant valoir toutes les défenses disponibles.
        
    
    * Décharge. Si vous résidez en Californie, vous renoncez à l'article 1542 du code civil californien, qui stipule : "Une décharge générale ne s'étend pas aux créances dont le créancier ignore ou soupçonne l'existence en sa faveur au moment de l'exécution de la décharge et qui, si elles avaient été connues, auraient sensiblement affecté son accord avec le débiteur." Si vous résidez dans une autre juridiction, vous renoncez à toute loi ou doctrine comparable.
        
    
    * Limitation de responsabilité. DANS LES LIMITES MAXIMALES PERMISES PAR LA LOI EN VIGUEUR, VOUS COMPRENEZ ET ACCEPTEZ EXPRESSÉMENT QUE, DANS LE CADRE DE VOTRE UTILISATION DU SERVICE (OU DE L'IMPOSSIBILITÉ D'UTILISER OU D'ACCÉDER AU SERVICE), KIXEYE, SES SOCIÉTÉS AFFILIÉES ET LEURS EMPLOYÉS, DIRIGEANTS, ADMINISTRATEURS ET AGENTS NE PEUVENT ÊTRE TENUS RESPONSABLES DE : (I) TOUT DOMMAGE INDIRECT, ACCIDENTEL, SPÉCIAL, CONSÉCUTIF, EXEMPLAIRE OU AUTRE (Y COMPRIS, SANS LIMITATION, DANS LES CAS DE PERTE DE PROFITS, DE CLIENTÈLE OU DE DONNÉES), MÊME SI CES PERSONNES ONT ÉTÉ INFORMÉES DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES, OU (II) TOUT DOMMAGE, QU'IL SOIT CONTRACTUEL, DÉLICTUEL, DE NÉGLIGENCE, DE RESPONSABILITÉ STRICTE OU AUTRE, DÉPASSANT LE MONTANT QUE VOUS AVEZ PAYÉ À KIXEYE DANS LES SIX (6) MOIS PRÉCÉDANT LA SOUMISSION DE VOTRE RÉCLAMATION OU, S'IL EST PLUS ÉLEVÉ, CENT DOLLARS (100 USD).
        
        CERTAINES JURIDICTIONS N'AUTORISENT PAS L'EXCLUSION OU LA LIMITATION DE CERTAINS DOMMAGES. PAR CONSÉQUENT, CERTAINES DES LIMITATIONS ÉNONCÉES CI-DESSUS PEUVENT NE PAS S'APPLIQUER À VOUS.
        
        LES INDEMNITÉS, LA DÉCHARGE ET LA LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ CONSTITUENT UNE INCITATION IMPORTANTE POUR KIXEYE À FOURNIR LE SERVICE. SI VOUS N'ÊTES PAS SATISFAIT D'UNE PARTIE DU SERVICE OU DU PRÉSENT ACCORD, VOUS DEVEZ IMMÉDIATEMENT CESSER D'UTILISER LE SERVICE.
        
    
    * Absence de responsabilité pour les sites web et services de tiers. Le Service, ou des tiers, peuvent fournir des liens ou d'autres moyens d'accéder à des sites web et à des ressources de tiers sur Internet. KIXEYE fournit ces liens et connexions à titre de référence uniquement. KIXEYE n'a aucun contrôle sur ces sites web et ressources et n'en est pas responsable. En outre, vous reconnaissez et acceptez que KIXEYE ne peut être tenue responsable, directement ou indirectement, des dommages ou pertes causés ou supposés avoir été causés par la confiance que vous accordez au contenu, aux événements, aux biens ou aux services disponibles sur ces sites web ou ressources. Toutes les relations que vous pouvez avoir avec les tiers trouvés en utilisant le Service sont établies entre vous et ces tiers, et vous acceptez que KIXEYE n'est pas responsable de toute perte relative à ces tiers ou réclamation de votre part à leur encontre. Vous devez lire attentivement les conditions générales de ces tiers, y compris leur politique de confidentialité, car elles peuvent s'appliquer lorsque vous utilisez leurs sites web et ressources.
        
    

23. RÉSOLUTION DES LITIGES PAR ARBITRAGE OBLIGATOIRE ; RENONCIATION AUX PROCÈS DEVANT JURY ; RENONCIATION AUX RECOURS COLLECTIFS. Pour toute controverse, tout litige, toute demande, toute réclamation ou toute cause d'action entre vous et nous (y compris l'interprétation et la portée de la présente section et le caractère arbitrable de la controverse, du litige, de la demande, de la réclamation ou de la cause d'action) concernant le Service ou le présent Accord (ainsi que tout accord connexe ou antérieur que vous avez pu avoir avec nous), vous et nous convenons de résoudre cette controverse, ce litige, cette demande, cette réclamation ou cette cause d'action exclusivement par le biais d'un arbitrage obligatoire et confidentiel. Pour les résidents des États-Unis, l'arbitrage aura lieu dans le district judiciaire fédéral de votre résidence. Pour les résidents internationaux, l'arbitrage aura lieu dans un rayon de 80 kilomètres autour de tout bureau de KIXEYE.  Tels qu'utilisés dans la présente section, "nous" et "notre" désignent KIXEYE et ses filiales, sociétés affiliées, prédécesseurs, successeurs et ayants droit, ainsi que tous leurs employés, dirigeants, administrateurs, agents et représentants respectifs. En outre, "nous" et "notre" comprennent tout tiers fournissant un produit, un service ou un avantage en relation avec le Service ou le présent Accord (ainsi que tout accord connexe ou antérieur que vous pourriez avoir eu avec nous) si ce tiers est désigné comme notre copartie dans toute controverse, litige, demande, réclamation ou cause d'action soumise à la présente section.
    
    L'arbitrage sera soumis à la loi fédérale sur l'arbitrage (Federal Arbitration Act) et non à toute loi étatique en matière d’arbitrage. L'arbitrage sera conduit devant un arbitre commercial de l'Association américaine d'arbitrage ("AAA") ayant une expérience substantielle dans la résolution de litiges en matière de contrats commerciaux. Tel que modifié par le présent Accord, et sauf accord écrit contraire des parties, l'arbitrage sera régi par les règles d'arbitrage commercial de l'AAA et, si l'arbitre les juge applicables, par les procédures supplémentaires pour les litiges liés à la consommation (collectivement, les "Règles et procédures"). Si aucune demande ou demande reconventionnelle ne dépasse 10 000 $, le litige sera résolu par la soumission de documents sans audience, sauf si une audience est demandée par une partie ou jugée nécessaire par l'arbitre, auquel cas les parties peuvent choisir d'y participer par téléphone.
    
    Vous devriez lire attentivement cette clause. Dans les limites permises par la loi en vigueur, vous RENONCEZ À VOTRE DROIT DE SAISIR UN TRIBUNAL pour faire valoir ou défendre vos droits, SAUF pour les affaires que vous déposez devant la cour des petites créances de l'État ou de la municipalité de votre résidence, dans les limites juridictionnelles de cette cour, et tant que l'affaire n'est pendante que devant elle. En outre, nonobstant la présente convention d'arbitrage, les plaintes pour diffamation, violation de la loi sur la fraude et les abus informatiques (Computer Fraud and Abuse Act) et violation ou détournement du brevet, du copyright, de la marque commerciale ou du secret commercial de l'autre partie ne sont pas soumises à la présente convention d'arbitrage. Ces réclamations seront exclusivement portées devant les cours d'État ou fédérales situées dans le comté de San Francisco, en Californie. En outre, nonobstant la présente convention d'arbitrage, vous ou nous pouvons demander des mesures équitables d'urgence devant les cours d'État ou fédérales situées dans le comté de San Francisco, en Californie, afin de maintenir le statu quo dans l'attente de l'arbitrage et acceptons par la présente de nous soumettre à la compétence personnelle exclusive des cours situées dans le comté de San Francisco, en Californie, à cette fin. Une demande de mesures provisoires n'est pas considérée comme une renonciation au droit à l'arbitrage.
    
    Vos droits seront déterminés par un ARBITRE NEUTRE et NON par un juge ou un jury. Vous avez droit à une AUDIENCE ÉQUITABLE, MAIS les procédures d'arbitrage peuvent être PLUS SIMPLES ET PLUS LIMITÉES QUE LES RÈGLES APPLICABLES À LA COUR. Les décisions des arbitres sont aussi exécutoires que n'importe quelle décision de justice et sont soumises à un examen TRÈS LIMITÉ PAR UNE COUR.
    
    Vous et nous devons respecter les règles suivantes : (A) TOUTE PLAINTE DÉPOSÉE PAR VOUS OU NOUS DOIT L'ÊTRE À TITRE INDIVIDUEL, ET NON EN TANT QUE PLAIGNANT OU MEMBRE D'UN GROUPE DANS LE CADRE D'UNE PRÉTENDUE PROCÉDURE COLLECTIVE OU REPRÉSENTATIVE ; (B) L'ARBITRE NE PEUT CONSOLIDER LES PLAINTES DE PLUS D'UNE PERSONNE, NE PEUT PRÉSIDER À AUCUNE FORME DE PROCÉDURE REPRÉSENTATIVE OU COLLECTIVE, ET NE PEUT ACCORDER DE RÉPARATION À L'ÉCHELLE DU GROUPE ; (c) si vous êtes en mesure de démontrer que les coûts de l'arbitrage seront prohibitifs par rapport aux coûts d'une action judiciaire, nous prendrons en charge une partie de vos frais de dossier et d'audience liés à l'arbitrage, dans la mesure où l'arbitre le jugera nécessaire pour éviter que les coûts de l'arbitrage ne soient prohibitifs par rapport aux coûts d'une action judiciaire ; (d) nous nous réservons également le droit, à notre seule et unique discrétion, d'assumer la responsabilité d'une partie ou de la totalité des coûts de l'arbitrage ; (e) l'arbitre respectera les revendications de privilège et de confidentialité reconnues par la loi ; (f) l'arbitrage sera confidentiel et ni vous ni nous ne pourrons en divulguer l'existence, le contenu ou les résultats, sauf si la loi en vigueur l'exige ou à des fins d'exécution de la sentence arbitrale ; (g) sous réserve des clauses de limitation de responsabilité du présent Accord, l'arbitre peut accorder toute réparation individuelle ou tout recours individuel expressément autorisé par la loi en vigueur ; (h) vous et nous paierons nos honoraires et frais d'avocat respectifs, à moins qu'une disposition légale n'exige que la partie gagnante reçoive réparation pour ses frais de justice ou que l'arbitre ne lui accorde telle réparation, auquel cas les frais remboursés seront déterminés par la loi en vigueur.
    
    Les clauses de la présente section continueront de s’appliquer après la résiliation de votre Compte et du présent Accord, ainsi qu'après tout paiement volontaire de l'intégralité d'une dette par vous ou après toute faillite de votre part ou de la nôtre. À l'exception des sous-parties (a) et (b) ci-dessus de cette section (interdisant l'arbitrage collectif), si une partie de cette clause d'arbitrage est jugée non valide, inapplicable ou illégale, ou si elle entre en conflit avec les Règles et procédures, le reste de cette clause d'arbitrage restera en vigueur et sera interprété conformément à ses termes comme si la partie non valide, inapplicable, illégale ou en conflit n'était pas contenue dans les présentes. Toutefois, si l'une des sous-parties (a) ou (b) ci-dessus de la présente section s'avère non valide, inapplicable ou illégale, la totalité de la présente clause d'arbitrage sera nulle et non avenue, et ni vous ni nous n'aurons le droit de recourir à l'arbitrage. Si, pour quelque raison que ce soit, une réclamation est portée devant une cour plutôt qu'en arbitrage, le litige sera exclusivement porté devant une cour d'État ou une cour fédérale située dans le comté de San Francisco, en Californie.
    
    Pour plus d'informations sur l'AAA, les Règles et procédures ou la procédure de dépôt d'une demande d'arbitrage, vous pouvez appeler l'AAA au (00-1) 888-778-7879 ou consulter son site web : [http://www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/).
    

25. Modifications. Nous modifions, mettons à jour, développons et améliorons constamment notre Service. KIXEYE se réserve le droit, sous réserve des lois en vigueur, d'apporter des changements, de modifier, d'ajouter ou de supprimer des parties du présent Accord, des règles du forum, de notre Politique de confidentialité et d'autres conditions et politiques incorporées à tout moment, à notre seule discrétion. Les modifications importantes apportées au présent Accord ne seront pas appliquées rétroactivement. Si nous mettons à jour le présent Accord, il vous sera demandé d'accepter les nouvelles conditions ou de choisir de ne pas les accepter. Si vous n'acceptez pas les conditions de cet Accord ou de toute version modifiée de cet Accord, votre seul recours sera de mettre fin à votre utilisation du Service, auquel cas vous n'aurez plus accès à votre Compte. Personne chez KIXEYE n'est autorisé à modifier le présent Accord avec vous ou à conclure avec vous une entente qui entre en conflit avec le présent Accord, sauf au moyen d'une entente écrite, signée par un agent de KIXEYE autorisé, et toute autre modification ou altération présumée ou condition conflictuelle sera nulle et non avenue.
    

27. Conditions générales.
    
    * Droit applicable. Le présent Accord est régi et interprété conformément aux lois de l'État de Californie, dans le respect de la loi fédérale sur l'arbitrage, sans donner effet à aucun principe prévoyant l'application de la loi d'une autre juridiction.
        
    
    * Clause d'intégralité. Le présent Accord constitue l'accord complet et unique entre vous et KIXEYE en ce qui concerne le Service et remplace tous les accords, arrangements ou conventions antérieurs, écrits ou oraux, concernant le Service, qu'ils soient écrits, verbaux ou établis, supposés ou déduits d'un usage, d'une coutume ou d'une pratique antérieurs. Les titres des sections du présent Accord ne sont donnés qu'à des fins de commodité et n'ont aucun effet juridique ou contractuel.
        
    
    * Cession. Nous pouvons céder, déléguer ou transférer tout ou partie de nos droits et obligations en vertu du présent Accord à un tiers, à notre discrétion et sans préavis. Tous vos droits et obligations en vertu du présent Accord vous sont personnels et ne peuvent être cédés, délégués ou transférés sans notre consentement écrit préalable (qui peut être refusé pour quelque raison que ce soit ou sans raison), et toute prétendue cession qui ne satisfait pas à cette exigence sera nulle et non avenue.
        
    
    * Force Majeure. KIXEYE ne peut être tenue responsable d'un défaut ou d'un retard d'exécution résultant de causes échappant à son contrôle raisonnable, y compris, sans s'y limiter, les catastrophes naturelles, la guerre, le terrorisme, les mesures/interventions gouvernementales, les accidents, les grèves, les problèmes de main-d'œuvre, les conflits géopolitiques ou les perturbations du transport, de l'approvisionnement, de l'alimentation ou de l'infrastructure du réseau.
        
    
    * Renonciation et divisibilité. Toute renonciation à une clause du présent Accord ou tout retard d'une partie dans l'application d'un droit en vertu des présentes ne doit pas être interprété comme une renonciation continue ni créer une attente de non-application de cette clause ou de toute autre clause ou droit. Toute prétendue renonciation doit faire l'objet d'un document écrit signé par vos soins et par KIXEYE. Sauf clause contraire expresse dans le présent Accord, si une clause de celui-ci est jugée non valide en vertu d'une loi ou d'une règle de droit applicable, nonobstant cette clause (ou partie de celle-ci), le présent Accord demeurera pleinement en vigueur et cette clause ou partie de celle-ci sera réputée omise.
        
    
    * Prescription. Dans les limites permises par la loi en vigueur, toute réclamation ou cause d'action découlant de ou liée à votre utilisation du Service ou au présent Accord doit être déposée dans un délai d'un an après le fait à l'origine de la réclamation ou cause d'action, sous peine d'être définitivement prescrite.
        
    
    * Notices. Conformément aux termes de notre Politique de confidentialité et du droit applicable, nous nous réservons le droit, à notre seule discrétion, de déterminer la forme et les moyens de vous adresser des notifications. Par exemple, nous pouvons vous adresser des notifications par écrit ou par voie électronique en vous envoyant des courriers électroniques, des notifications "push" pour appareils mobiles et des messages textuels et/ou en publiant des notifications sur le site. Toutes les notifications qui nous sont adressées et qui sont destinées à avoir un effet juridique doivent être rédigées par écrit et envoyées à l'adresse suivante : KIXEYE, 1020 SE 7th Ave, #14099 Portland, OR 97214 USA, ATTN : Legal Department, et seront réputées avoir été données dès leur réception effective.
        
    

29. Informations de contact. Vous pouvez nous contacter à l'adresse [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) pour signaler toute infraction à cet Accord ou si vous avez des questions le concernant ou concernant le Service.
    

Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen

Letztes Update: 17. März 2023

**BITTE LESEN SIE DIESE ALLGEMEINEN GESCHÄFTSBEDINGUNGEN SORGFÄLTIG DURCH, BEVOR SIE DIE DIENSTLEISTUNG NUTZEN. MIT DER NUTZUNG DER DIENSTLEISTUNG(EN) ERKLÄREN SIE SICH MIT DIESEN ALLGEMEINEN GESCHÄFTSBEDINGUNGEN EINVERSTANDEN. DIESE ALLGEMEINEN GESCHÄFTSBEDINGUNGEN ENTHALTEN UNTER ANDEREM EINE SCHIEDSGERICHTSKLAUSEL, DIE EINEN VERZICHT AUF SAMMELKLAGEN ENTHÄLT.**

Diese allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (diese „Vereinbarung“ or „AGB“) stellen einen rechtsverbindlichen Vertrag dar zwischen Ihnen und KIXEYE Inc, einer Gesellschaft nach dem Recht des US-Bundesstaates Delaware mit Sitz in San Francisco, CA („KIXEYE“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“), und regeln Ihren Zugang zu und Ihre Nutzung all unserer Websites, einschließlich verbundener Websites, die uns gehören und von uns betrieben werden (zusammenfassend unsere „Website“), unserer Anwendungen, Spiele und aller damit verbundenen Dienstleistungen (zusammenfassend der „Dienst“), unabhängig davon, ob diese direkt von uns oder von Drittparteien (z. B. Facebook, Apple App Store, Spiele-Website Dritter usw.) bereitgestellt werden. „Sie“, „Ihr/e“ und „Sie selbst“ bezeichnen die Person, die den Dienst nutzt.

Durch die Nutzung des Dienstes erklären Sie, dass Sie die Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung gelesen und verstanden haben und damit einverstanden sind, an sie gebunden zu sein. Wenn Sie auf bestimmte Elemente des Dienstes zugreifen oder diese nutzen, unterliegen Sie außerdem zusätzlichen Bedingungen, die hiermit durch Verweis in diese Vereinbarung aufgenommen werden, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie, unsere Forenregeln und alle Endbenutzer-Lizenzvereinbarungen für unsere Software, die Sie für den Zugriff auf den Dienst verwenden. Im Falle eines Widerspruchs zwischen dieser Vereinbarung und den Forumsregeln oder anderen veröffentlichten Bedingungen in Bezug auf den Dienst hat diese Vereinbarung Vorrang.

1. Voraussetzungen für den Zugang zum Dienst und dessen Nutzung. Ohne die anderen Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung einzuschränken, müssen Sie, um die Dienstleistung nutzen zu können, (a) mindestens 13 Jahre alt und in der Lage sein, diese rechtsverbindliche Vereinbarung mit KIXEYE abzuschließen; (b) die Erlaubnis Ihres Elternteils oder Erziehungsberechtigten einholen, um die Dienstleistung zu nutzen, wenn Sie unter 18 Jahre alt sind (oder älter, wenn Sie in einem Staat oder Land wohnen, in dem das Volljährigkeitsalter höher ist); (c) alle Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung akzeptieren und ihnen zustimmen; und (d) alle Bestimmungen und Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung und alle geltenden Gesetze einhalten.
    

3. Ihr eingeschränktes Recht zur Nutzung des Dienstes. Vorbehaltlich der Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung und nur solange Sie deren Bedingungen vollständig einhalten, wird Ihnen die nicht-exklusive, nicht übertragbare, widerrufbare, begrenzte, persönliche Lizenz (die ausdrücklich den nachstehenden Beschränkungen unterliegt) gewährt, auf den Dienst zuzugreifen und ihn ausschließlich für Ihre persönlichen, nicht-kommerziellen Unterhaltungszwecke zu nutzen. Der Dienst und die Website sind durch bundesstaatliche und gewohnheitsrechtliche Urheberrechte (für die Bilder, den Inhalt, die Musik und den zugehörigen Quellcode), bundesstaatliche und gewohnheitsrechtliche Markenrechte (einschließlich, ohne Einschränkung, Vega Conflict&trade;, Rise of Firstborn&reg;, Battle Pirates&reg;, War Commander&reg;, War Commander: Rogue Assault&trade;, und KIXEYE&reg; (Name und Logo)), Geschäftsgeheimnisse und andere Eigentumsrechte und -gesetze (zusammenfassend, „Rechte an geistigem Eigentum“). Sie erkennen an und stimmen zu, dass: (a) die Rechte an geistigem Eigentum das alleinige und ausschließliche Eigentum von KIXEYE sind und bleiben, (b) Sie keine Eigentumsrechte an den Rechten an geistigem Eigentum erwerben, es sei denn, sie werden in dieser Vereinbarung ausdrücklich gewährt, und (c) Sie den Dienst nur in der in dieser Vereinbarung ausdrücklich erlaubten Weise oder mit vorheriger schriftlicher Genehmigung von KIXEYE nutzen werden. Alle nicht ausdrücklich in dieser Vereinbarung gewährten Rechte sind KIXEYE vorbehalten.
    

5. Verbotene Aktivitäten. Ohne andere Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung einzuschränken, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Sie unter keinen Umständen:
    
    * Mehr als einen Account (wie unten definiert) für die Nutzung des Dienstes pro Plattform außerhalb von Kixeye.com erstellen;
        
    
    * Uns oder anderen Nutzern des Dienstes gegenüber falsche Angaben machen;
        
    
    * Virtuelle Gegenstände (wie unten definiert) oder andere Rechte an dem Dienst verkaufen, vermieten, verschenken, tauschen oder anderweitig übertragen oder vermarkten, sofern dies nicht ausdrücklich in dieser Vereinbarung vorgesehen ist;
        
    
    * Cheats, Hacks, Tools oder andere Computerprogramme erstellen, verwenden, verbreiten oder fördern, die das Spiel oder den Dienst verändern, oder andere Spieldateien als die von KIXEYE bereitgestellten verwenden, um auf den Dienst zuzugreifen;
        
    
    * Den Dienst nutzen, um „Spam“-Nachrichten zu versenden oder für Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu werben;
        
    
    * Makros, Auto-Looter, Bots, Auto-Refreshers oder andere Softwareprogramme oder Add-Ons verwenden, um das Spiel oder den Dienst zu automatisieren;
        
    
    * Pannen, Bugs, Designfehler oder undokumentierte Funktionen des Dienstes ausnutzen, um Zugang zu eingeschränkten Inhalten oder Funktionen zu erhalten, Zahlungen zu vermeiden oder einen Spielvorteil zu erlangen;
        
    
    * Versuchen, Verschlüsselungs-, Sicherheits- oder Spielkontrollmaßnahmen des Dienstes zu umgehen;
        
    
    * Den Dienst oder Computer oder Netzwerke, die mit dem Dienst verbunden sind oder ihn ermöglichen, hacken, stören oder unterbrechen;
        
    
    * Den Dienst nutzen, um (a) E-Mail-Adressen, persönliche Daten (mit Ausnahme Ihrer Benutzerdaten (wie unten definiert)) oder Inhalte zu veröffentlichen oder anderweitig zu übertragen, die bedrohlich, beleidigend, schikanierend, belästigend, verleumderisch, obszön, pornografisch, die Privatsphäre anderer verletzend oder diskriminierend sind; (b) Inhalte, deren Veröffentlichung oder Übermittlung Ihnen nach geltendem Recht oder Vertrag untersagt ist, zu veröffentlichen oder anderweitig zu übertragen; (c) Inhalte, die ein Risiko für die Privatsphäre oder die Sicherheit von Personen darstellen oder schaffen, zu veröffentlichen oder anderweitig zu übertragen; oder (d) Inhalte, die Sie nicht selbst erstellt haben oder für die Sie keine ausreichenden Rechte besitzen, um sie zu veröffentlichen oder anderweitig zu übertragen;
        
    
    * Dateien hochladen, die Viren oder andere Computercodes, Dateien oder Programme enthalten, die dazu bestimmt sind, das Funktionieren des Dienstes zu stören, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, Software, Hardware oder damit verbundene Kommunikationssysteme;
        
    
    * Inhalte veröffentlichen oder ein Verhalten an den Tag legen, das nach alleinigem Ermessen von KIXEYE KIXEYE oder seine Nutzer einem Schaden oder einer Haftung aussetzen könnte;
        
    
    * Den Dienst (einschließlich der dem Dienst zugrunde liegenden Software) ganz oder teilweise nachbauen, kopieren, zusammensetzen, vertreiben, verkaufen, modifizieren, dekompilieren oder zerlegen oder anderweitig versuchen, den Quellcode zu ermitteln oder ein davon abgeleitetes Werk zu erstellen, es sei denn, dies ist nach geltendem Recht oder einer gültigen Open-Source-Lizenz ausdrücklich zulässig; oder
        
    
    * Data-Mining, Roboter, Scraping oder andere automatisierte Methoden zur Datenerfassung oder -extraktion in Verbindung mit dem Dienst betreiben oder verwenden.
        
    

7. Ihr Account/Konto. Um auf bestimmte Aspekte des Dienstes zugreifen zu können, müssen Sie möglicherweise ein Konto (ein „Konto“) auf der Website oder auf Facebook, Google+, Apple iTunes oder einer anderen von uns autorisierten Drittplattform erstellen. Wenn Sie auf einen Teil des Dienstes über einen Dritten zugreifen oder ihn herunterladen, unterliegen Sie zusätzlich zu dieser Vereinbarung den Geschäftsbedingungen dieses Dritten. Um ein Konto zu erstellen, müssen Sie ein Passwort wählen und bestimmte Benutzerdaten angeben, die persönliche Identifikationsdaten und Informationen zu Zahlungskonten enthalten können („Benutzerdaten“). Alle Benutzerdaten, die Sie uns von Zeit zu Zeit zur Verfügung stellen, müssen wahrheitsgemäß, genau, aktuell und vollständig sein. Sie verpflichten sich, uns unverzüglich über alle Änderungen Ihrer Benutzerdaten zu informieren. Unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie regelt die Erfassung, Verwendung und Speicherung Ihrer Benutzerdaten. Sie sind allein dafür verantwortlich, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer Kontodaten (d. h. Ihr Kontopasswort und Ihre Anmeldedaten) zu gewährleisten und die Sicherheit dieser Daten zu erhalten. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, keine andere Person zu ermächtigen, Ihre Kontodaten für den Zugriff auf den Dienst zu verwenden. SOFERN NICHT ANDERWEITIG DURCH GELTENDES RECHT VORGESCHRIEBEN, SIND SIE ALLEIN VERANTWORTLICH FÜR ALLE TRANSAKTIONEN UND ANDERE AKTIVITÄTEN, DIE UNTER VERWENDUNG IHRER KONTODATEN AUTORISIERT ODER DURCHGEFÜHRT WERDEN, UNABHÄNGIG DAVON, OB SIE DIESE AUTORISIERT HABEN ODER NICHT, EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF, TATSÄCHLICHEN ODER MUTMASSLICHEN BETRUG, TRANSAKTIONEN MIT VIRTUELLER WÄHRUNG UND NICHT AUTORISIERTE ZAHLUNGEN. Sie müssen KIXEYE unverzüglich unter [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) benachrichtigen, wenn: (1) Sie glauben, dass Ihre Zugangsdaten von einer unbefugten Person erlangt oder verwendet wurden, oder (2) Sie von einer anderen Verletzung oder versuchten Verletzung der Sicherheit der Dienstleistung oder Ihres Kontos Kenntnis erlangen. Um bestimmte Aspekte des Dienstes nutzen zu können, benötigen Sie möglicherweise bestimmte Geräte und/oder Hardware, und Sie müssen möglicherweise bestimmte Software von Drittanbietern herunterladen und aktualisieren, wofür bestimmte Gebühren von Drittanbietern anfallen können. Sie sind allein verantwortlich für alle Gebühren Dritter, die Ihnen in Verbindung mit der Nutzung des Dienstes entstehen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, Gebühren für die Nutzung von Mobilfunkdaten oder des Internets.
    
    UNGEACHTET GEGENTEILIGER ANGABEN IN DIESER VEREINBARUNG ERKENNEN SIE AN UND STIMMEN ZU, DASS SIE KEIN EIGENTUMSRECHT ODER SONSTIGES EIGENTUMSINTERESSE AN EINEM AUF UNSEREM SYSTEM GESPEICHERTEN ODER GEHOSTETEN KONTO HABEN UND DASS ALLE RECHTE AN SOLCHEN KONTEN ZU JEDER ZEIT IM EIGENTUM VON KIXEYE STEHEN UND DIESEM ZUGUTE KOMMEN.
    

9. Aussetzung und Beendigung. Sofern nicht anderweitig durch geltendes Recht untersagt und ohne Einschränkung anderer Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung oder unserer Rechte oder Rechtsmittel nach geltendem Recht oder dieser Vereinbarung erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass KIXEYE nach eigenem Ermessen Ihr Konto und/oder Ihren Zugang zu und Ihre Nutzung der Dienstleistung jederzeit und aus beliebigem Grund, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, Ihre tatsächliche oder mutmaßliche Verletzung dieser Vereinbarung oder des geltenden Rechts, ohne Vorankündigung und Haftung Ihnen oder Dritten gegenüber aussetzen oder kündigen kann. Bei einer solchen Aussetzung oder Beendigung wird Ihre Lizenz zur Nutzung des Dienstes sofort ausgesetzt oder beendet (einschließlich Ihrer Lizenz für virtuelle Gegenstände), und KIXEYE kann Ihr Konto und alle damit verbundenen Informationen und Dateien in Ihrem Konto sofort deaktivieren oder löschen, sofern dies nicht durch geltendes Recht verboten ist. Wenn Sie diese Vereinbarung kündigen möchten, müssen Sie die Nutzung des Dienstes einstellen. Die Bestimmungen der Abschnitte 2, 4-12 und 14 gelten auch nach einer Beendigung dieser Vereinbarung aus Gründen.
    

11. Ihre Inhalte. Sie tragen die alleinige Verantwortung für alle Inhalte, die Sie auf oder über den Dienst hochladen, übertragen, posten oder veröffentlichen (zusammenfassend, „Benutzerinhalte“). Durch das Einstellen von Benutzerinhalten in oder über den Dienst gewähren Sie KIXEYE und den mit ihm verbundenen Unternehmen eine nicht-exklusive, weltweite, gebührenfreie, voll bezahlte, übertragbare, unterlizenzierbare, unbefristete und unwiderrufliche Lizenz zum Kopieren, Anzeigen, Übertragen, Ausführen, Verteilen, Speichern, Ändern, Unterlizenzieren. Sie verzichten hiermit vollständig und unwiderruflich auf jegliche moralischen Rechte oder ähnliche Interessen in Bezug auf die Verwendung Ihrer Benutzerinhalte durch KIXEYE, soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist. Die KIXEYE in diesem Abschnitt gewährte Lizenz für Benutzerinhalte und der damit verbundene Verzicht auf jegliche moralischen Rechte überdauern jede Beendigung dieser Vereinbarung.
    
    Wenn Sie Benutzerinhalte auf oder über den Dienst veröffentlichen, sichern Sie zu und gewährleisten, dass Sie das Recht, die Befugnis und die Vollmacht haben, diese Benutzerinhalte zu veröffentlichen und die Lizenz in diesem Abschnitt zu gewähren. Des Weiteren sichern Sie zu und gewährleisten, dass Sie durch die Veröffentlichung solcher Benutzerinhalte keine Rechte Dritter verletzen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, geistige Eigentumsrechte, Veröffentlichungsrechte und Datenschutzrechte. Soweit Ihre Nutzerinhalte urheberrechtlich geschützt sind, sichern Sie zu, dass Sie der Inhaber aller Urheberrechte an diesen Nutzerinhalten sind und dass KIXEYE die Rechte an Ihren Nutzerinhalten gemäß dieser Vereinbarung ausüben kann, ohne dass eine Haftung oder Verpflichtung zur Zahlung an Sie oder an Dritte besteht.
    
    Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass Sie alle Risiken im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung von Benutzerinhalten, die von anderen hochgeladen, übertragen, gepostet oder im oder über den Dienst veröffentlicht werden, selbst bewerten und tragen müssen, einschließlich des Vertrauens in die Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Nützlichkeit solcher Benutzerinhalte. Sie tragen die alleinige Verantwortung für Ihre Interaktionen mit anderen Nutzern. KIXEYE behält sich das Recht vor, ist aber nicht verpflichtet, sich in Streitigkeiten zwischen Nutzern in Verbindung mit dem Dienst einzuschalten.
    
    Bevor Sie Benutzerinhalte im oder über den Dienst veröffentlichen, sollten Sie bedenken, dass andere Benutzer Ihre Benutzerinhalte auf eine Art und Weise ansehen, verwenden, vervielfältigen oder sich aneignen können, die Sie möglicherweise nicht billigen oder genehmigen. Alle Benutzerinhalte werden als nicht-vertrauliche, öffentliche Informationen betrachtet, bei denen Sie keinen Anspruch auf Privatsphäre haben sollten. Wir können nicht für die Nutzung oder den Missbrauch Ihrer Benutzerinhalte durch Dritte verantwortlich gemacht werden, die Sie auf oder über den Dienst zur Verfügung stellen.
    
    Ohne die Verpflichtung zu übernehmen, Benutzerinhalte zu überprüfen oder zu überwachen, hat KIXEYE das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung), Benutzerinhalte, die nach eigenem Ermessen gegen diese Vereinbarung verstoßen oder anderweitig zu beanstanden sind, zu bearbeiten, zu ändern, die Veröffentlichung zu verweigern oder zu entfernen. Sie erkennen an und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass KIXEYE Benutzerinhalte aufbewahren kann, aber nicht dazu verpflichtet ist, und Benutzerinhalte in dem Umfang offenlegen kann, wie es nach geltendem Recht und gemäß unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie zulässig ist.
    
    KIXEYE möchte keine unaufgeforderten Ideen oder Vorschläge erhalten und wird diese grundsätzlich auch nicht akzeptieren. Jegliche Vorschläge, Rückmeldungen oder Daten, die Sie einreichen, posten, veröffentlichen oder anderweitig auf, durch oder in Verbindung mit dem Dienst bekannt geben, gelten als Benutzerinhalte und unterliegen dieser Vereinbarung. Sie erkennen an, dass wir nicht verpflichtet sind, solche Ideen oder Vorschläge anzunehmen, zu verwenden, zurückzugeben, zu bewerten oder zu berücksichtigen, und dass wir berechtigt sind, solche Ideen und Vorschläge ohne Einschränkung und für jeden beliebigen Zweck zu verwenden und zu verbreiten, ohne dass Sie oder ein Dritter dafür eine Anerkennung oder Entschädigung erhalten.
    

13. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
    
    * Hinweis auf Urheberrechtsverletzung. Wenn Sie ein Urheberrechtsinhaber oder ein Vertreter desselben sind und glauben, dass Benutzerinhalte Ihre Urheberrechte verletzen, können Sie eine schriftliche Mitteilung gemäß dem Digital Millennium Copyright Act („DMCA“) an unseren Urheberrechtsvertreter unter folgender Adresse senden:
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax: [Anklicken, um die Nummer zu sehen](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        Um Maßnahmen ergreifen zu können, muss Ihre Mitteilung: (a) Ihre physische oder elektronische Unterschrift enthalten; (b) das urheberrechtlich geschützte Werk bezeichnen, das angeblich verletzt wurde, oder, wenn mehrere urheberrechtlich geschützte Werke auf einer einzigen Online-Site von einer einzigen Mitteilung erfasst werden, eine repräsentative Liste dieser Werke auf dieser Site enthalten; (c) das Material bezeichnen, das angeblich verletzt wurde oder Gegenstand einer verletzenden Aktivität ist und das entfernt werden soll oder zu dem der Zugang gesperrt werden soll, und ausreichende Informationen bereitstellen, die es uns ermöglichen, das Material zu finden; (d) uns eine Möglichkeit geben, Sie zu kontaktieren, z. B. Ihre Adresse, Telefonnummer oder E-Mail-Adresse; (e) eine Erklärung abgeben, dass Sie in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Verwendung des Materials in der beanstandeten Weise nicht durch den Urheberrechtsinhaber, seinen Vertreter oder das geltende Recht genehmigt ist; und (f) eine Erklärung abgeben, dass die Informationen in der Mitteilung korrekt sind, und an Eides statt versichern, dass Sie befugt sind, im Namen des Inhabers eines ausschließlichen Rechts zu handeln, das mutmaßlich verletzt wurde. Wir können keine Maßnahmen ergreifen, wenn Sie uns nicht alle erforderlichen Informationen zur Verfügung stellen, und Sie erkennen an, dass Ihre DMCA-Meldung möglicherweise nicht gültig ist, wenn Sie nicht alle Anforderungen dieses Abschnitts erfüllen. Ohne andere Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung einzuschränken, können wir Ihr Konto kündigen, wenn Sie wiederholt die Urheberrechte Dritter verletzen.
        
    
    * Gegendarstellung. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Benutzerinhalte, die entfernt wurden (oder auf die der Zugriff deaktiviert wurde), nicht gegen das Urheberrecht verstoßen, oder dass Sie vom Urheberrechtsinhaber, dem Vertreter des Urheberrechtsinhabers oder gemäß geltendem Recht berechtigt sind, dieses Material zu veröffentlichen und zu verwenden, können Sie eine schriftliche Gegendarstellung an unseren Urheberrechtsbeauftragten unter folgender Adresse senden:
        
        KIXEYE  
        1020 SE 7th Ave  
        #14099  
        Portland, OR 97293  
        USA  
        Fax: [Anklicken, um die Nummer zu sehen](#)  
        [DMCANotice@kixeye.com](mailto:DMCANotice@kixeye.com)
        
        Um Maßnahmen ergreifen zu können, muss Ihre Gegendarstellung: (a) Ihre physische oder elektronische Unterschrift enthalten; (b) Ihre Benutzerinhalte, die entfernt wurden oder zu denen der Zugang deaktiviert wurde, sowie den Ort, an dem Ihre Benutzerinhalte erschienen, bevor sie entfernt wurden oder der Zugang zu ihnen deaktiviert wurde, identifizieren; (c) eine eidesstattliche Erklärung enthalten, dass Sie in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass Ihre Benutzerinhalte aufgrund eines Fehlers oder einer falschen Identifizierung Ihrer Benutzerinhalte entfernt oder deaktiviert wurden; und (d) Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Telefonnummer sowie eine Erklärung enthalten, dass Sie sich mit der Zuständigkeit des Bundesbezirksgerichts für den Gerichtsbezirk einverstanden erklären, in dem sich Ihre Adresse befindet, oder, wenn sich Ihre Adresse außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten befindet, für jeden Gerichtsbezirk, in dem wir ansässig sind, und dass Sie die Zustellung der Klage von der Person, die uns die DMCA-Mitteilung zugestellt hat, oder einem Vertreter dieser Person akzeptieren werden. Wenn eine ordnungsgemäße Gegendarstellung bei unserem Urheberrechtsbeauftragten eingeht, können wir eine Kopie der Gegendarstellung an die ursprünglich beschwerdeführende Partei senden, um diese Person darüber zu informieren, dass wir die entfernten Benutzerinhalte innerhalb von zehn Werktagen ersetzen oder deren Sperrung beenden können. Wir können nach eigenem Ermessen die entfernten Benutzerinhalte ersetzen oder den Zugang zu ihnen wiederherstellen und die Sperrung des Zugangs zu ihnen innerhalb von 10 bis 14 Werktagen oder mehr nach Erhalt der Gegendarstellung beenden, es sei denn. Unser benannter Vertreter erhält zuerst eine Benachrichtigung von der Person, die die DMCA-Benachrichtigung eingereicht hat, dass diese Person eine Klage eingereicht hat, um eine gerichtliche Verfügung zu erwirken, die den Eigentümer der entfernten Benutzerinhalte davon abhält, verletzende Aktivitäten in Bezug auf diese Benutzerinhalte zu unternehmen.
        
    

15. Gebühren. KIXEYE behält sich das Recht vor, für jeden Teil des Dienstes Gebühren zu erheben und die Gebühren oder Abonnementpreise (falls zutreffend) von Zeit zu Zeit nach eigenem Ermessen zu ändern. Sofern nicht anderweitig durch geltendes Recht untersagt, sind Sie für alle Gebühren oder Abbuchungen von Zahlungsmitteln, die mit Ihrem Konto verbunden sind (einschließlich aller damit verbundenen Gebühren Dritter), für Transaktionen und andere Aktivitäten, die unter Verwendung Ihrer Kontodaten autorisiert oder durchgeführt wurden, verantwortlich. Alle von Ihnen für oder in Verbindung mit dem Dienst gezahlten Gebühren oder Kosten, einschließlich erweiterter Spielfunktionen oder virtueller Gegenstände, gelten als von KIXEYE vollständig verdient, wenn sie von Ihnen bezahlt werden.
    
    Wir können Ihnen einige unserer Dienste auf Abonnementbasis („Abonnement“) anbieten. Wenn Sie ein Abonnement erwerben, tritt dieses sofort in Kraft und Sie erklären sich mit einer sich automatisch verlängernden monatlichen (oder einer anderen vereinbarten) Abonnementlaufzeit zu dem zum Zeitpunkt des Kaufs angezeigten Preis einverstanden. Abonnements, die über eine Plattform eines Drittanbieters, wie z. B. Apple, erworben werden, können Ihnen von dem Drittanbieter in Rechnung gestellt werden (iTunes-Konto) und es gelten die Zahlungsbedingungen des Drittanbieters. Ihr Konto wird 24 Stunden vor Ablauf des aktuellen Zeitraums für die Verlängerung Ihres Abonnements belastet. Sie können Ihr Abonnement kündigen, indem Sie die automatische Verlängerung mindestens 24 Stunden vor dem Ende der aktuellen Laufzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen deaktivieren.
    

17. Virtuelle Gegenstände. KIXEYE kann Ihnen nach eigenem Ermessen die Möglichkeit anbieten, eine begrenzte Lizenz für virtuelle Güter und/oder eine virtuelle Währung zur Verwendung in Verbindung mit dem Dienst zu erwerben oder zu verdienen („Virtuelle Gegenstände“). Wenn KIXEYE die Möglichkeit anbietet, eine solche Lizenz zu erwerben oder zu verdienen, gewährt KIXEYE Ihnen hiermit ein nicht-exklusives, nicht-übertragbares, widerrufliches, persönliches, begrenztes Recht und eine Lizenz zur Nutzung virtueller Gegenstände nur für Ihre persönliche, nicht-kommerzielle, unterhaltsame Nutzung ausschließlich in Verbindung mit dem Dienst, vorbehaltlich der Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung.
    
    Eine solche begrenzte Lizenz kann durch die Ausführung bestimmter Aufgaben in Verbindung mit dem Dienst erworben werden und kann innerhalb des Dienstes oder durch einen von KIXEYE autorisierten Dritten gekauft werden. Sobald Sie virtuelle Gegenstände erworben oder gekauft haben, werden diese in Ihrem Konto ausgewiesen. KIXEYE kann nach eigenem Ermessen die Anzahl der virtuellen Gegenstände, die gekauft, verdient oder eingelöst werden können, begrenzen. Der Dienst wird ständig verändert und weiterentwickelt, um den Spielspaß und die Herausforderung für alle zu erhalten. Regeln, Eigenschaften, Ziele, Missionen, Kräfteverhältnisse und Spielfunktionen werden sich im Laufe der Zeit ändern, oft ohne Vorankündigung, als Teil dieses natürlichen kreativen Prozesses und der Spielbalance/Optimierung. Dementsprechend erkennen Sie an und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass KIXEYE nach eigenem Ermessen jederzeit Maßnahmen ergreifen kann, die sich auf den wahrgenommenen Wert oder den Kaufpreis von virtuellen Gegenständen auswirken können, sofern dies nicht durch geltendes Recht verboten ist. KIXEYE übernimmt keine Gewährleistung für die Art, die Qualität, die Kontinuität oder den Wert von Spielfunktionen oder virtuellen Gegenständen (oder deren Verfügbarkeit oder Lieferung).
    
    Virtuelle Gegenstände dürfen nur in Verbindung mit dem Dienst verwendet werden. Sie dürfen Ihre Lizenz für virtuelle Gegenstände oder Ihr Konto ohne die vorherige ausdrückliche Zustimmung von KIXEYE oder ohne die ausdrückliche Erlaubnis dieses Vertrags oder des Dienstes nicht verteilen, vermieten, lizenzieren, verkaufen, verschenken, tauschen, umwandeln oder anderweitig übertragen oder abtreten. Jeder Versuch, über virtuelle Gegenstände zu verfügen, der gegen diese Vereinbarung verstößt, ist null und nichtig und führt zum Erlöschen Ihrer Lizenz.
    
    Mit Ausnahme der eingeschränkten Lizenzen, die im Rahmen dieser Vereinbarung gewährt werden, oder wie anderweitig durch geltendes Recht vorgeschrieben, haben Sie keine Rechte, Besitzansprüche oder Anteile an Ihrem Konto oder an damit verbundenen virtuellen Gegenständen. Sofern nicht anderweitig durch geltendes Recht untersagt, behält sich KIXEYE alle Rechte vor, die nicht ausdrücklich in dieser Vereinbarung gewährt werden, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf alle Rechte, Besitzansprüche und Interessen an Ihrem Konto und allen damit verbundenen virtuellen Gegenständen.
    
    Sofern nicht anderweitig durch geltendes Recht vorgeschrieben, können virtuelle Gegenstände nicht gegen Bargeld oder einen anderen Geldwert von KIXEYE, einem anderen Nutzer des Dienstes oder einer anderen Person eingelöst werden. Virtuelle Gegenstände haben keinen Gegenwert in echter Währung und dienen nicht als Ersatz für echte Währung. Weder KIXEYE noch eine andere natürliche oder juristische Person ist verpflichtet, virtuelle Gegenstände gegen irgendetwas von Wert einzutauschen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf, echte Währung. Sofern dies nicht durch geltendes Recht untersagt ist, sind Sie allein für alle über Ihr Konto getätigten Transaktionen verantwortlich, unabhängig davon, ob diese Transaktionen von Ihnen genehmigt wurden oder nicht.
    
    SOFERN NICHT ANDERWEITIG DURCH GELTENDES RECHT UNTERSAGT, ERKENNEN SIE AN, DASS KIXEYE IHRE LIZENZEN FÜR VIRTUELLE ARTIKEL JEDERZEIT UND OHNE ANKÜNDIGUNG, ERSTATTUNG ODER ENTSCHÄDIGUNG AN SIE AUSSETZEN ODER WIDERRUFEN KANN. ALLE KÄUFE VIRTUELLER ARTIKEL SIND ENDGÜLTIG UND KÖNNEN UNTER KEINEN UMSTÄNDEN ZURÜCKERSTATTET, ÜBERTRAGEN ODER UMGETAUSCHT WERDEN, ES SEI DENN, DIES IST NACH GELTENDEM RECHT ZULÄSSIG. SIE ERKENNEN AN, DASS SIE KEIN BARGELD ODER EINE ANDERE ENTSCHÄDIGUNG FÜR UNGENUTZTE VIRTUELLE GEGENSTÄNDE ERHALTEN, WENN IHR KONTO UND/ODER IHR ZUGANG ZUM DIENST UND IHRE NUTZUNG DES DIENSTES GESPERRT ODER BEENDET WIRD.
    

19. Unsere Gewährleistungen und Haftungsausschlüsse; der Dienst wird auf der Basis „wie besehen“ und „wie verfügbar“ zur Verfügung gestellt. VON ZEIT ZU ZEIT KANN DER DIENST BUGS, FEHLER UND UNTERBRECHUNGEN AUFWEISEN. DIESE BUGS, FEHLER UND UNTERBRECHUNGEN KÖNNEN SICH NACHTEILIG AUF IHR SPIEL UND DEN WAHRGENOMMENEN WERT IHRER BENUTZTEN UND UNBENUTZTEN VIRTUELLEN GEGENSTÄNDE AUSWIRKEN. KIXEYE STELLT DEN DIENST AUSSCHLIESSLICH AUF DER GRUNDLAGE „WIE BESEHEN“ UND „WIE VERFÜGBAR“ ZUR VERFÜGUNG. KIXEYE SCHLIESST IM GRÖSSTMÖGLICHEN GESETZLICH ZULÄSSIGEN UMFANG JEGLICHE AUSDRÜCKLICHE, STILLSCHWEIGENDE ODER GESETZLICHE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG IN BEZUG AUF DEN DIENST AUS, EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF DIE STILLSCHWEIGENDE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG DES EIGENTUMS, DES UNGESTÖRTEN GENUSSES, DER NICHTVERLETZUNG VON RECHTEN, DER MARKTGÄNGIGKEIT UND DER EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK. OHNE EINSCHRÄNKUNG DES VORSTEHENDEN ÜBERNIMMT KIXEYE KEINE ZUSICHERUNG ODER GEWÄHRLEISTUNG DAFÜR, DASS DER DIENST ODER SEINE NUTZUNG (A) UNUNTERBROCHEN, ZEITGERECHT ODER SICHER IST, (B) FREI VON BUGS, UNGENAUIGKEITEN ODER FEHLERN IST, (C) IHREN ANFORDERUNGEN ENTSPRICHT, (D) IN DER VON IHNEN VERWENDETEN KONFIGURATION ODER MIT DER VON IHNEN VERWENDETEN HARDWARE ODER SOFTWARE FUNKTIONIERT, ODER (E) GENAU ODER ZUVERLÄSSIG IST.
    
    SIE VERSTEHEN UND STIMMEN ZU, DASS KIXEYE KEIN RISIKO IN BEZUG AUF LINKS, DIENSTE ODER INFORMATIONEN VON DRITTANBIETERN TRÄGT, DIE IN DEN DIENST INTEGRIERT, MIT IHM VERKNÜPFT ODER MIT IHM VERWENDET WERDEN.
    
    IN EINIGEN STAATEN IST DER AUSSCHLUSS ODER DIE EINSCHRÄNKUNG VON STILLSCHWEIGENDEN GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN NICHT ZULÄSSIG, SO DASS DIE OBEN GENANNTEN AUSSCHLÜSSE UND EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN MÖGLICHERWEISE NICHT AUF SIE ZUTREFFEN. JEDE EINSCHRÄNKUNG WIRD JEDOCH SO WEIT AUSGELEGT, WIE ES DAS GELTENDE RECHT ZULÄSST.
    

21. Unsere Haftung.
    
    * Entschädigung und Freistellung. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, KIXEYE, die mit ihm verbundenen Unternehmen sowie dessen Mitarbeiter, leitende Angestellte und Vertreter von allen Ansprüchen, Klagen, Haftungen, Schäden (tatsächliche Schäden und Folgeschäden), Verlusten, Bußgeldern, Strafen, Kosten und Ausgaben (einschließlich angemessener Anwaltsgebühren) freizustellen, zu entschädigen und schadlos zu halten, die aus folgenden Gründen entstehen oder in irgendeiner Weise damit zusammenhängen: (i) Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste, (ii) Ihrer Verletzung dieser Vereinbarung, geltender Gesetze oder der Rechte Dritter oder (iii) Ihrem Betrug oder vorsätzlichen Fehlverhalten. Diese entschädigten Parteien behalten sich das Recht vor, die ausschließliche Verteidigung und Kontrolle über jede Angelegenheit zu übernehmen, die der Entschädigung durch Sie unterliegt; in diesem Fall werden Sie bei der Geltendmachung aller verfügbaren Verteidigungsmittel kooperieren.
        
    
    * Verzicht. Wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz in Kalifornien haben, verzichten Sie auf Abschnitt 1542 des kalifornischen Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs, in dem es heißt: „Eine allgemeine Freigabe erstreckt sich nicht auf Forderungen, von denen der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Ausfertigung der Freigabe nicht weiß oder vermutet, dass sie zu seinen Gunsten bestehen, und die, wenn er sie gekannt hätte, seinen Vergleich mit dem Schuldner wesentlich beeinflusst hätten.“ Wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz in einem anderen Land haben, verzichten Sie auf ein vergleichbares Gesetz oder eine vergleichbare Doktrin.
        
    
    * Haftungsbeschränkung. SOWEIT DIES NACH GELTENDEM RECHT ZULÄSSIG IST, VERSTEHEN SIE AUSDRÜCKLICH UND STIMMEN ZU, DASS KIXEYE, SEINE VERBUNDENEN UNTERNEHMEN UND SEINE UND DEREN MITARBEITER, LEITENDEN ANGESTELLTEN, DIREKTOREN UND VERTRETER IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT IHRER NUTZUNG DES DIENSTES (ODER DER UNFÄHIGKEIT, DEN DIENST ZU NUTZEN ODER DARAUF ZUZUGREIFEN) NICHT HAFTBAR SIND FÜR: (I) JEGLICHE INDIREKTEN, ZUFÄLLIGEN, BESONDEREN, FOLGE-, EXEMPLARISCHEN SCHÄDEN ODER ANDERE SCHÄDEN (EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF, GEWINN-, FIRMENWERT- ODER DATENVERLUSTE), SELBST WENN DIESE PERSONEN AUF DIE MÖGLICHKEIT SOLCHER SCHÄDEN HINGEWIESEN WORDEN SIND, ODER (II) JEGLICHE SCHÄDEN, OB AUS VERTRAG, UNERLAUBTER HANDLUNG, FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT, VERSCHULDENSUNABHÄNGIGER HAFTUNG ODER ANDERWEITIG, DIE DEN BETRAG ÜBERSTEIGEN, DEN SIE IN DEN LETZTEN SECHS (6) MONATEN VOR DER ANMELDUNG IHRES ANSPRUCHS AN KIXEYE GEZAHLT HABEN, ODER, WENN DIESER BETRAG HÖHER IST, EINHUNDERT DOLLAR (100 US$).
        
        IN EINIGEN GERICHTSBARKEITEN IST DER AUSSCHLUSS ODER DIE BESCHRÄNKUNG BESTIMMTER SCHÄDEN NICHT ZULÄSSIG. DEMENTSPRECHEND GELTEN EINIGE DER OBEN GENANNTEN EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN MÖGLICHERWEISE NICHT FÜR SIE.
        
        DIE ENTSCHÄDIGUNG, DER VERZICHT UND DIE HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNG STELLEN EINEN WESENTLICHEN ANREIZ FÜR KIXEYE DAR, DEN DIENST ANZUBIETEN. WENN SIE MIT IRGENDEINEM TEIL DES DIENSTES ODER MIT DIESER VEREINBARUNG UNZUFRIEDEN SIND, MÜSSEN SIE DIE NUTZUNG DES DIENSTES SOFORT EINSTELLEN.
        
    
    * Keine Haftung für Websites und Dienste von Drittparteien. Der Dienst kann Links oder andere Zugänge zu Websites und Ressourcen von Dritten im Internet bereitstellen oder von Dritten bereitgestellt werden. KIXEYE stellt solche Links und Verbindungen nur zu Ihrer Information zur Verfügung. KIXEYE hat keine Kontrolle über solche Websites und Ressourcen, und KIXEYE ist nicht verantwortlich für solche Websites und Ressourcen und befürwortet diese nicht. Sie erkennen ferner an und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass KIXEYE weder direkt noch indirekt für Schäden oder Verluste haftet, die durch Ihr Vertrauen auf Inhalte, Veranstaltungen, Waren oder Dienste, die auf solchen Websites oder Ressourcen verfügbar sind, entstanden sind oder angeblich entstanden sind. Alle Geschäfte, die Sie mit Dritten eingehen, die Sie bei der Nutzung des Dienstes finden, gelten zwischen Ihnen und dem Dritten, und Sie stimmen zu, dass KIXEYE nicht für Verluste oder Ansprüche haftet, die Sie gegenüber einem solchen Dritten haben könnten. Sie sollten alle anwendbaren Bedingungen und Konditionen Dritter, einschließlich der Datenschutzrichtlinien Dritter, sorgfältig prüfen, da diese Bedingungen für Ihre Nutzung von Websites und Ressourcen Dritter gelten können.
        
    

23. BEILEGUNG VON STREITIGKEITEN DURCH VERBINDLICHES SCHIEDSVERFAHREN; VERZICHT AUF GESCHWORENENPROZESSE; VERZICHT AUF SAMMELKLAGEN. Für alle Kontroversen, Streitigkeiten, Forderungen, Ansprüche oder Klagegründe zwischen Ihnen und uns (einschließlich der Auslegung und des Umfangs dieses Abschnitts und der Schiedsfähigkeit der Kontroverse, des Streits, der Forderung, des Anspruchs oder des Klagegrunds) in Bezug auf den Dienst oder diese Vereinbarung (sowie alle damit verbundenen oder früheren Vereinbarungen, die Sie möglicherweise mit uns getroffen haben), vereinbaren Sie und wir, solche Kontroversen, Streitigkeiten, Forderungen, Ansprüche oder Klagegründe ausschließlich durch ein verbindliches und vertrauliches Schiedsverfahren zu lösen. Für Personen mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten findet das Schiedsgerichtsverfahren in dem Bundesgerichtsbezirk statt, in dem Sie wohnen. Für Personen mit Wohnsitz im Ausland findet das Schiedsgerichtsverfahren innerhalb eines Umkreises von 50 Meilen um eine KIXEYE-Niederlassung statt. In diesem Abschnitt bedeuten „wir“ und „uns“ KIXEYE und seine Tochtergesellschaften, verbundenen Unternehmen, Vorgänger, Nachfolger und Bevollmächtigten sowie alle seine und ihre jeweiligen Mitarbeiter, Führungskräfte, Direktoren, Agenten und Vertreter. Darüber hinaus schließen „wir“ und „uns“ jeden Dritten ein, der ein Produkt, einen Dienst oder eine Leistung in Verbindung mit dem Dienst oder dieser Vereinbarung anbietet (sowie jede damit zusammenhängende oder frühere Vereinbarung, die Sie möglicherweise mit uns hatten), wenn ein solcher Dritter als Mitpartei mit uns in einer Kontroverse, einem Streitfall, einer Forderung, einem Anspruch oder einem Klagegrund genannt wird, der diesem Abschnitt unterliegt.
    
    Das Schiedsverfahren unterliegt dem "Federal Arbitration Act" und nicht einem staatlichen Schiedsgerichtsgesetz. Das Schiedsverfahren wird vor einem Handelsschiedsrichter der American Arbitration Association („AAA“) durchgeführt, der über umfangreiche Erfahrungen bei der Beilegung von Handelsvertragsstreitigkeiten verfügt. In der durch diese Vereinbarung geänderten Form und sofern die Parteien nichts anderes schriftlich vereinbart haben, unterliegt das Schiedsverfahren den Commercial Arbitration Rules der AAA und, falls der Schiedsrichter sie für anwendbar hält, den Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (zusammenfassend, die „Rules and Procedures“). Wenn keine Ansprüche oder Gegenansprüche den Betrag von 10.000 $ übersteigen, wird die Streitigkeit durch Einreichung von Dokumenten ohne Anhörung beigelegt, es sei denn, eine Anhörung wird von einer Partei beantragt oder vom Schiedsrichter als notwendig erachtet; in diesem Fall kann eine Partei telefonisch teilnehmen.
    
    Sie sollten diese Bestimmung sorgfältig lesen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, verzichten Sie auf Ihr Recht, vor Gericht zu gehen, um Ihre Rechte geltend zu machen oder zu verteidigen, mit Ausnahme von Angelegenheiten, die Sie bei einem Gericht für geringfügige Forderungen in dem Staat oder der Gemeinde Ihres Wohnsitzes innerhalb der Zuständigkeitsgrenzen des Gerichts für geringfügige Forderungen einreichen, und solange eine solche Angelegenheit nur bei diesem Gericht anhängig ist. Darüber hinaus sind ungeachtet dieser Schiedsvereinbarung Ansprüche wegen Verleumdung, Verletzung des Computer Fraud and Abuse Act sowie Verletzung oder widerrechtliche Aneignung von Patenten, Urheberrechten, Marken oder Geschäftsgeheimnissen der anderen Partei nicht Gegenstand dieser Schiedsvereinbarung. Derartige Ansprüche sind ausschließlich vor den Staats- oder Bundesgerichten in San Francisco County, Kalifornien, geltend zu machen. Darüber hinaus können Sie oder wir ungeachtet dieser Schiedsvereinbarung vor den Staats- oder Bundesgerichten in San Francisco County, Kalifornien, eine einstweilige Verfügung beantragen, um den Status quo bis zur Schlichtung aufrechtzuerhalten, und erklären sich hiermit einverstanden, sich zu diesem Zweck der ausschließlichen persönlichen Zuständigkeit der Gerichte in San Francisco County, Kalifornien, zu unterwerfen. Ein Antrag auf einstweilige Maßnahmen gilt nicht als Verzicht auf das Recht auf ein Schiedsverfahren.
    
    Über Ihre Rechte wird von einem NEUTRALEN SCHIEDSRICHTER und NICHT von einem Richter oder einer Jury entschieden. Sie haben Anspruch auf eine FAIRE ANHÖRUNG, ABER die Schiedsverfahren können einfacher und eingeschränkter sein als die vor Gericht geltenden Regeln. Die Entscheidungen der Schlichter sind ebenso vollstreckbar wie jede gerichtliche Anordnung und unterliegen einer SEHR BESCHRÄNKTEN ÜBERPRÜFUNG DURCH EIN GERICHT.
    
    Sie und wir müssen uns an die folgenden Regeln halten: (A) ALLE ANSPRÜCHE, DIE SIE ODER WIR GELTEND MACHEN, MÜSSEN IN DER INDIVIDUELLEN EIGENSCHAFT DER PARTEI GELTEND GEMACHT WERDEN UND NICHT ALS KLÄGER ODER MITGLIED EINER GRUPPE IN EINEM VERMEINTLICHEN GRUPPEN- ODER REPRÄSENTATIVVERFAHREN; (B) DER SCHIEDSRICHTER DARF NICHT DIE ANSPRÜCHE VON MEHR ALS EINER PERSON ZUSAMMENFASSEN, DARF NICHT ANDERWEITIG EIN REPRÄSENTATIV- ODER GRUPPENVERFAHREN LEITEN UND DARF KEINE GRUPPENWEITE ENTLASTUNG ZUSPRECHEN; (c) für den Fall, dass Sie nachweisen können, dass die Kosten des Schiedsgerichtsverfahrens im Vergleich zu den Kosten eines Rechtsstreits unerschwinglich sind, übernehmen wir so viele Ihrer Anmelde- und Anhörungsgebühren im Zusammenhang mit dem Schiedsgerichtsverfahren, wie der Schiedsrichter für notwendig erachtet, um zu verhindern, dass das Schiedsgerichtsverfahren im Vergleich zu den Kosten eines Rechtsstreits unerschwinglich ist; (d) wir behalten uns außerdem das Recht vor, nach unserem alleinigen und ausschließlichen Ermessen die Verantwortung für einige oder alle Kosten des Schiedsgerichtsverfahrens zu übernehmen; (e) der Schiedsrichter wird gesetzlich anerkannte Ansprüche auf Privilegien und Privatsphäre anerkennen; (f) das Schiedsverfahren ist vertraulich, und weder Sie noch wir dürfen die Existenz, den Inhalt oder die Ergebnisse eines Schiedsverfahrens offenlegen, es sei denn, dies ist nach geltendem Recht oder zum Zwecke der Vollstreckung des Schiedsspruchs erforderlich; (g) vorbehaltlich der Haftungsbeschränkungsbestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung kann der Schiedsrichter alle individuellen Entlastungen oder individuellen Rechtsmittel zusprechen, die nach geltendem Recht ausdrücklich zulässig sind; (h) Sie und wir tragen unsere jeweiligen Anwaltsgebühren und -kosten, es sei denn, es gibt eine gesetzliche Bestimmung, nach der die obsiegende Partei ihre Gebühren und Prozesskosten zu zahlen hat, und das Schiedsgericht spricht der obsiegenden Partei solche Anwaltsgebühren und -kosten zu; in diesem Fall richten sich die zuerkannten Gebühren und Kosten nach dem geltenden Recht.
    
    Dieser Abschnitt überdauert die Kündigung Ihres Kontos und dieser Vereinbarung sowie jede freiwillige Zahlung von Schulden in voller Höhe durch Sie oder jeden Konkurs durch Sie oder uns. Mit Ausnahme der Unterabschnitte (a) und (b) dieses Abschnitts (Verbot von Schiedsverfahren auf Klassen- oder kollektiver Basis) gilt: Wenn ein Teil dieser Schiedsklausel als ungültig, nicht durchsetzbar oder rechtswidrig erachtet wird oder anderweitig mit den Regeln und Verfahren in Konflikt steht, bleibt der Rest dieser Schiedsklausel in Kraft und wird in Übereinstimmung mit ihren Bedingungen so ausgelegt, als ob der ungültige, nicht durchsetzbare, rechtswidrige oder in Konflikt stehende Teil nicht enthalten wäre. Sollte sich jedoch einer der obigen Unterabschnitte (a) oder (b) dieses Abschnitts als ungültig, nicht durchsetzbar oder rechtswidrig erweisen, so ist die Gesamtheit dieser Schiedsklausel null und nichtig, und weder Sie noch wir sind zu einem Schiedsverfahren berechtigt. Sollte ein Anspruch aus irgendeinem Grund vor Gericht und nicht in einem Schiedsverfahren geltend gemacht werden, ist der Rechtsstreit ausschließlich vor einem Staats- oder Bundesgericht mit Sitz in San Francisco County, Kalifornien, auszutragen.
    
    Für weitere Informationen über die AAA, die Regeln und Verfahren oder das Verfahren zur Einreichung einer Schiedsklage können Sie die AAA unter 888-778-7879 anrufen oder die AAA-Website unter [http://www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/) besuchen.
    

25. Änderungen. Wir modifizieren, aktualisieren, erweitern und verbessern unseren Dienst ständig. KIXEYE behält sich das Recht vor, vorbehaltlich des geltenden Rechts, jederzeit nach eigenem Ermessen Änderungen vorzunehmen, Teile dieser Vereinbarung, der Forenregeln, unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie und anderer integrierter Bedingungen und Richtlinien hinzuzufügen oder zu entfernen. Wesentliche Änderungen an dieser Vereinbarung werden nicht rückwirkend angewendet. Wenn wir diese Vereinbarung aktualisieren, müssen Sie entweder die Bedingungen akzeptieren oder sich entscheiden, die Bedingungen nicht zu akzeptieren. Wenn Sie mit den Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung oder einer geänderten Version dieser Vereinbarung nicht einverstanden sind, besteht Ihre einzige Möglichkeit darin, die Nutzung des Dienstes zu beenden; in diesem Fall haben Sie keinen Zugang mehr zu Ihrem Konto. Niemand bei KIXEYE ist befugt, diese Vereinbarung mit Ihnen zu ändern oder anderweitig eine Vereinbarung mit Ihnen zu treffen, die im Widerspruch zu dieser Vereinbarung steht, es sei denn, es handelt sich um eine schriftliche Vereinbarung, die von einem bevollmächtigten Vertreter von KIXEYE unterzeichnet wurde, und alle anderen angeblichen Änderungen oder Abänderungen oder widersprüchlichen Bedingungen sind null und nichtig.
    

27. Geschäftsbedingungen.
    
    * Geltendes Recht. Diese Vereinbarung unterliegt den Gesetzen des Bundesstaates Kalifornien und wird in Übereinstimmung mit dem "Federal Arbitration Act" ausgelegt, ohne dass Grundsätze, die die Anwendung des Rechts einer anderen Gerichtsbarkeit vorsehen, zum Tragen kommen.
        
    
    * Gesamte Vereinbarung. Diese Vereinbarung stellt die gesamte und einzige Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen und KIXEYE in Bezug auf den Dienst dar und ersetzt alle vorherigen Absprachen, Vereinbarungen oder Verträge, ob schriftlich oder mündlich, in Bezug auf den Dienst, ob schriftlich, mündlich oder durch frühere Nutzung, Gewohnheit oder Praxis begründet, angenommen oder abgeleitet. Die Überschriften der Abschnitte in dieser Vereinbarung dienen nur der Übersichtlichkeit und haben keine rechtliche oder vertragliche Wirkung.
        
    
    * Abtretung. Wir sind berechtigt, alle oder einen Teil unserer Rechte und Pflichten aus dieser Vereinbarung nach unserem Ermessen an Drittparteien abzutreten, zu delegieren oder zu übertragen, ohne Sie vorher davon in Kenntnis zu setzen. Alle Ihre Rechte und Pflichten im Rahmen dieser Vereinbarung gelten für Sie persönlich und dürfen ohne unsere vorherige schriftliche Zustimmung (die ohne Angabe von Gründen verweigert werden kann) nicht abgetreten, delegiert oder übertragen werden, und jede angebliche Abtretung, die diese Anforderung nicht erfüllt, ist null und nichtig.
        
    
    * Höhere Gewalt. KIXEYE haftet nicht für ein Versäumnis oder eine Verzögerung bei der Erfüllung, die auf Ursachen zurückzuführen sind, die außerhalb der zumutbaren Kontrolle von KIXEYE liegen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Naturkatastrophen, Krieg, Terrorismus, staatliche Maßnahmen/Eingriffe, Unfälle, Streiks, Arbeitsfragen, geopolitische Konflikte oder Unterbrechungen des Transports, der Versorgung, der Stromversorgung oder der Netzwerkinfrastruktur.
        
    
    * Verzicht und Trennbarkeit. Ein Verzicht auf eine Bestimmung dieser Vereinbarung oder eine Verzögerung bei der Durchsetzung eines Rechts durch eine Partei darf weder als fortgesetzter Verzicht ausgelegt werden noch eine Erwartung der Nicht-Durchsetzung dieser oder einer anderen Bestimmung oder eines anderen Rechts begründen. Jeder mutmaßliche Verzicht muss in schriftlicher Form festgehalten werden, und sowohl von Ihnen als auch von KIXEYE unterzeichnet sein. Sofern in dieser Vereinbarung nicht ausdrücklich etwas anderes vorgesehen ist, bleibt diese Vereinbarung ungeachtet dieser Bestimmung (oder eines Teils davon) in vollem Umfang in Kraft und wirksam, wenn eine Bestimmung dieser Vereinbarung gemäß einem anwendbaren Gesetz oder einer Rechtsvorschrift für ungültig erklärt wird, und die betreffende Bestimmung oder der betreffende Teil davon gilt als nichtig.
        
    
    * Verjährungsfrist. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, muss jeder Anspruch oder Klagegrund, der sich aus Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes oder dieser Vereinbarung ergibt oder damit zusammenhängt, innerhalb eines Jahres nach Entstehen des Anspruchs oder Klagegrundes geltend gemacht werden, andernfalls ist er für immer verjährt.
        
    
    * Mitteilungen. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie und des anwendbaren Rechts behalten wir uns das Recht vor, nach eigenem Ermessen die Form und die Mittel für die Bereitstellung von Mitteilungen an Sie zu bestimmen. Wir können Ihnen beispielsweise Mitteilungen schriftlich oder elektronisch zukommen lassen, indem wir Ihnen E-Mails, „Push“-Benachrichtigungen für mobile Geräte und Textnachrichten senden und/oder Mitteilungen auf der Website veröffentlichen. Alle Mitteilungen an uns, die eine rechtliche Wirkung haben sollen, müssen schriftlich erfolgen und an die folgende Adresse geschickt werden: KIXEYE, 1020 SE 7th Ave, #14099 Portland, OR 97214 USA, ATTN: Legal Department, die mit ihrem tatsächlichen Eingang bei uns als erteilt gelten.
        
    

29. Kontaktinformationen. Sie können uns unter [support@kixeye.com](mailto:support@kixeye.com) kontaktieren, um Verstöße gegen diese Vereinbarung zu melden oder falls Sie Fragen zu dieser Vereinbarung oder dem Dienst haben.