Privacy Policy
--------------

This privacy policy sets out how shoperies.com uses and protects any information that you give www.shoperies.com when you use this website. www.shoperies.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. www.shoperies.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

##### Privacy Policy

Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the http://www.shoperies.com and 3DOT141 PI LLC (Shoperies.com) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to 3DOT141 PI LLC (Shoperies.com) include http://www.shoperies.com and Shoperies. The Shoperies website is a Online Grocery Order and Delivery Service site. By using the Shoperies website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

##### Collection of your Personal Information

Shoperies may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Shoperies's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Shoperies. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Shoperies website. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Shoperies's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Shoperies encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Shoperies so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Shoperies is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Shoperies website.

##### Use of your Personal Information

Shoperies collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. Shoperies may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Shoperies and its affiliates. Shoperies may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Shoperies does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Shoperies may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Shoperies may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Shoperies, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Shoperies may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Shoperies, in order to determine what Shoperies services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Shoperies to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Shoperies will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Shoperies or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Shoperies; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Shoperies, or the public.

##### Use of Cookies

The Shoperies website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Shoperies pages, or register with Shoperies site or services, a cookie helps Shoperies to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Shoperies website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Shoperies features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Shoperies services or websites you visit. Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. PCI Compliance We donot store your credit card information with us. We use paypal.com as our credit card service provider and please check with paypal for their credit card storage details. We rely completely on paypal for the security of processing your credit cards. How shoperies.com use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

##### Security of your Personal Information

To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Shoperies uses the following: COMODO CA Limited When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.

##### Children Under Thirteen

Shoperies does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.

##### Opt-Out & Unsubscribe

We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Shoperies by contacting us here: - Email: cs@shoperies.com

##### Changes to this Statement

Shoperies will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Shoperies encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Shoperies is protecting your information.

##### MOBILE APP/WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications (“The Application Name”) for mobile devices that was created by (“Your company”). The Application is used for shopping purposes, including, but not limited to, browsing product catalog, adding products to cart, and checkout.

##### Device permissions

Camera The Application asks for permission to use your device’s camera. The camera will be used exclusively for scanning QR code and barcode, and will be triggered only when you activate this function. Location When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the address you are located within and display your address automatically on the address field at checkout page. We will not share your current location with other users or partners. If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application. Phone state This permission is for iPay88 plugin. This allows read-only access to phone state, including the phone number of the device, current cellular network information, the status of any ongoing calls, and a list of any phone accounts registered on the device. These information will not be disclosed to any third parties.

##### Automatically Collected Information

The Application may collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application? Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement. if Developer Company Name is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information. What are my opt-out rights? You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at cs@shoperies.com.

##### Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information

We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at cs@shoperies.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.

##### Children

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at cs@shoperies.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.

##### Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

##### Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.

##### Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.

##### Contact Information

Shoperies welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Shoperies has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Shoperies at: 3DOT141 PI LLC (Shoperies.com) Email Address: cs@shoperies.com Telephone number: (425) 749-4207 Effective as of March 01, 2015