page 1



Privacy Policy



Effective date: August 19, 2021



Privacy Policy Terms



The International FOXP1 Foundation ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.foxp1.org website(hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This webpage informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure ofpersonal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to thecollection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in thisPrivacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Termsand Conditions, accessible from www.foxp1.org



We Respect Your Confidentiality



Your personal information will be held in strict confidence. We use your information only for itsintended business purpose. We do not sell or trade your information to other organizations orindividuals.



We Protect Your Information



If you choose to send us email, we may retain the contents of your email message, our replyand your email address as part of our ongoing customer service efforts. We reserve the right tocontact you after you have contacted us and may send future email and/or surveys to you aboutThe International FOXP1 Foundation. You may notify us via email if you wish to discontinueelectronic communication.



We Keep Accurate Records



We keep your personal information as accurate, complete, and up to date as is required to fulfillthe purpose(s) for which you provided us with your personal information. Upon written request,we will remove your personal information from our databases, except where legislation orregulation requires our retention of it (for example, charitable giving history tied to income taxreceipts.) You may request a copy of your information, request to delete your information, orrequest to remove yourself from our databases by communicating with us via the contactinformation listed at the very end of this policy.

page 2



Definitions

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



• ServiceService is the www.foxp1.org website operated by Organization



• Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from thosedata (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come intoour possession).



• Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service orfrom the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).



• CookiesCookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).



Information Collection and Use

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve ourService to you.



Personal Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiableinformation that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiableinformation may include, but is not limited to:



• Email address

• First name and last name

• Phone number

• Address, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, Country

• Cookies and Usage Data



Usage Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). ThisUsage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IPaddress), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and

page 3



date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnosticdata.



Tracking and Cookies Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and wehold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous uniqueidentifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Othertracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and trackinformation and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of ourService.

Examples of Cookies we use:



• Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

• Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences

• and various settings.

• Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



Use of Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The International FOXP1 Foundation uses the collected data for various purposes:



• To provide and maintain the Service

• To notify you about changes to our Service

• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so

• To provide customer care and support

• To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the service

• To monitor the usage of the Service

• To detect, prevent and address technical issues



Transfer of Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on,computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdictionwhere the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

page 4



If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please notethat we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information representsyour agreement to the transfer of that information.

The International FOXP1 Foundation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure thatyour data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of yourPersonal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controlsin place, including the security of your data and other personal information.



Disclosure of Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The International FOXP1 Foundation shall provide you with the recipients or categories ofrecipients of your personal data, if any.



Legal Requirements

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The International FOXP1 Foundation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith beliefthat such action is necessary to:



• To comply with a legal obligation

• To protect and defend the rights or property of The International FOXP1 Foundation

• To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service

• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public

• To protect against legal liability



Security of Data

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission overthe Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to usecommercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee itsabsolute security.



Data Breach

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The International FOXP1 Foundation will work within 72 hours of a data breach to gather allrelated information, conduct a thorough investigation, inform regulators and impacted individualsof the breach, identify what personal data has been impacted and how; and draft acomprehensive containment plan, reporting data breaches to the relevant regulator.

page 5



If we are unable to provide a notification within the 72-hour window, we will provide reasonablejustification for the delay; which may be caused by potentially adding additional disruption toregular business operations and exasperating administrative hassle.



Service Providers

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("ServiceProviders"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assistus in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalfand are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.



Analytics

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Suchservices may include the following:



• Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics a web analytics service. You can visit their Privacy Policy page here:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en\&gl=ZZ



• Piwik / MatomoPiwik or Matomo is a web analytics service. You can visit their Privacy Policy page here:https://matomo.org/privacy-policy



• ClickyClicky is a web analytics service. Read the Privacy Policy for Clicky here:https://clicky.com/terms



Links to Other Sites

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-partylink, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the PrivacyPolicy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for thecontent, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.



Changes to This Privacy Policy

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes byposting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

page 6



We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the changebecoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to thisPrivacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.



Contact Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:



• By email: info@foxp1.org

• By visiting this page on our website: www.foxp1.org/contact-us

• By mail: P.O. Box 846, Mendenhall, PA 19357, USA



Other notes

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This document was based on a template provided National Organization for Rare Disorders(NORD®) © 2021 NORD.

NORD is a registered trademark of the National Organization for Rare Disorders. Text may not be reproduced without written permission.rarediseases.org