1\. Privacy Policy (for all extensions) • This extension does not collect any user data • This extension does not sync any data to any remote server. It only uses local storage (chrome.storage.local or window.localStorage) • This extension does not monitor the user • This extension does not communicate with any remote servers unless provided in the "Privacy Policy (per-extension)" • Permissions that this extension uses are explained in the "Permissions are Explained" section of the FAQs page 2. Privacy Policy (per-extension) 2.1 Notifier for Gmail™ Extension This extension uses the official Gmail feed to fetch new emails. There is no server-side interaction other than interacting with gmail.com to fetch new emails or get email's body on a user-action (click on the toolbar button) 2.2 Turbo Download Manager Extension This extension only downloads files per user request. There is no server-side interaction other than downloading these files. 2.3 MediaPlayer - Video and Audio Player Extension This extension uses offline tools to parse and play videos. There are no server-side activities other than fetching a remote video/audio link. 2.4 Gmail™ Notifier (Developer Edition) Extension This extension only communicates with Gmail to show unread emails or to perform an action like mark an email as read. There are no other server-side activities. 2.5 Media Converter and Muxer - Audio Tools Extension There are no server-side activities. 2.6 Open Two-Factor Authenticator Extension There are no server-side activities. 2.7 Bulk Media Downloader Extension This extension observes network activities whenever the detection window is open. There are no other serverside activities whatsoever.