Terms of Use
============

**A limit of one online entry per day is allowed per individual and per e-mail address for each separate online promotion unless otherwise specified.** Subsequent entries determined to be submitted from the same email address or from the same individual using multiple email addresses in violation of this rule will be declared ineligible.

**All entries received by 11:59 P.M., ET, December 31st 2024 will be eligible for our up to $10,000 Drawing.** To enter these Sweepstakes, complete the entry process. Please note that your entry is not complete until you have reached the “Confirmed Entry” page and receive a prize number. Upon timely entry, your assigned Prize Number will be fully eligible to win. Entries submitted from this Promotion after the deadline will be deemed invalid.

This sweepstakes is open to legal U.S. residents, (ii) 18 years of age or older as of January 1st 2024, excluding residents of Florida, New York, Rhode Island, Puerto Rico and where otherwise prohibited by law. The Sweepstakes begins on January 1st 2024 and ends on December 31st 2024.

**You may receive multiple entry opportunities into our ongoing Giveaways.** Various presentations of these Giveaways using various prizes/prize values may be presented to the public. The winning entry will be eligible for the prize configuration promoted in the offer from which it comes. A winner's prize may be supplemented up to the maximum amount of the Giveaway at SweepstakesGeneral’s option.

**Unless otherwise specified, if the matching winning number from a Giveaway has not been returned at giveaway end, the minimum registered prize amount alone is guaranteed to be awarded to an alternate winner by second chance random drawing among eligible entries at giveaway end.** In the event that the winning number from a winning promotion is duplicated, there will be a random drawing among such duplicated numbers to determine a winner. In case of a dispute, winning entry will be deemed made by the holder of an established e-mail account associated with the entry. NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS EVER NECESSARY TO ENTER TO WIN!

**Winners will be notified by mail, email or telephone.** Award subject to verification of identity and eligibility. Winner must be located and sign an Affidavit of Eligibility within 30 days or we will select an alternate winner. Acceptance of prize and secondary recipient's acceptance of payment constitute permission to use name and likeless of winner and secondary recipient for promotional purposes, except where prohibited by law.

**Board of Judge's decisions are final.** Giveaways may be ended early for promotional purposes, and if so, all eligible entries will be included and the winner selection method will not change. Taxes are winner's responsibility. Only U.S. residents are eligible for this sweepstakes. All federal, state and local laws apply.

By entering this promotion, each entrant accepts and agrees to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of SweepstakesGeneral. SweepstakesGeneral and their agencies are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes or by any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of submissions in the Sweepstakes. SweepstakesGeneraland their agencies assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of entries. SweepstakesGeneral and their agencies are not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer systems, servers or providers, computer equipment or software on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or combination thereof, including injury or damage to participants or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Sweepstakes. If, for any reason, the Sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of SweepstakesGeneral which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Sweepstakes, SweepstakesGeneral reserves the right to terminate the online portion of the promotion. Entries become the property of SweepstakesGeneral and will not be returned.

Write-In Entry Instructions. You may write in as often as you like to enter our sweepstakes at the address below. Sweepstakes eligibility will be based on date the write-in entry is received. Just mail each entry separately. We do not accept entries from a third party or entries sent in bulk.

Terms of Use
============

The following sets forth the terms of use (also known as the "Terms") for the Web site located at [https://www.SweepstakesGeneral.com](https://www.sweepstakesgeneral.com/) (the "Site"), which is operated by Great Fun Recipes LLC. and supersedes any previous statement of such policies. By using the Site, you are consenting to these Terms. SweepstakesGeneral.com may modify, alter or update these Terms at any time without prior notice, and your subsequent use of the Site shall constitute your consent to the modification, alteration or update. If you are interested in SweepstakesGeneral.com's information collection and use practices, please use this [link.](https://www.sweepstakesgeneral.com/privacy-policy)

### Permitted Use of the Site

SweepstakesGeneral.com shall provide you ("User") with access to the Site and the services contained therein. User shall be liable and responsible for any and all activities conducted on the Site by User whether or not such activities have been authorized by User. The Site is provided on an "as is" basis for the convenience of customers and users, and the Site and the domain name(s) associated with them and all copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary and personal rights of the Site are the sole property of SweepstakesGeneral.com. The Site is intended for use by persons 18 years of age or older. You are permitted to access the Site and the content provided by SweepstakesGeneral.com (which may include text, images, hosted software, sound files, video or other content, and may be provided via the Site or otherwise) (collectively, "Content") solely for the purpose of viewing the Site and other services offered by the Site, receiving information about SweepstakesGeneral.com's business and products, communicating with SweepstakesGeneral.com, or otherwise as stated on the Site. SweepstakesGeneral.com hereby grants a limited, revocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to you to use the Content solely for the purpose of utilizing the Site. You may not copy, modify, reproduce, retransmit or otherwise utilize the Content in any other fashion or for any other purpose without the express written permission of the Content’s owner. All copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and other proprietary rights contained within the Site are the sole property of SweepstakesGeneral.com and/or its licensors, each of whom reserves all rights with regard to such materials. You agree to and must use your own name and email address in the sign-up process and may not assume a false identity. Your computer must not be shared with another individual that has an existing account. You must maintain your email account that you used when signing up to SweepstakesGeneral.

Freebies and Sweepstakes (including but not limited to: cash, gift cards, offers, specials, deals, survey, contest, giveaway, samples, and other similar offers) can change often, sometimes daily. Some images of Freebies and Sweepstakes include prior offerings, outside offerings, expired offerings, representative offerings, and different brands of similar products, or otherwise are not a current offering from SweepstakesGeneral.com. If for whatever reason various Freebies and Sweepstakes become unavailable, you ordered them and did not receive them, their qualification requirements changed, you are denied, or any other challenges or complications arise, SweepstakesGeneral.com is not responsible. No guarantee is made that you will receive any of the requested Freebies and Sweepstakes as these are offered by outside third parties. All third parties are unaffiliated with SweepstakesGeneral.com and therefore are not subject to any direction or control of nor do they endorse SweepstakesGeneral.com or its services. SweepstakesGeneral.com sometimes receives compensation when you participate in third party offers. All third party brands, products, names, logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. We do not ship Freebies and Sweepstakes (unless specifically mentioned that the Freebies and Sweepstakes will be coming from us). For more information, please reference our Privacy Policy and Official Rules.

Facebook® is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”). Please be advised that SweepstakesGeneral not in any way affiliated with Facebook, nor are the SweepstakesGeneral Offers endorsed, administered or sponsored by Facebook.

You hereby grant SweepstakesGeneral.com a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully- paid license to use, copy, perform, edit, rerun, reproduce, syndicate, license, sublicense, print, distribute, exhibit or revise any content provided by you to SweepstakesGeneral.com via the Site in any manner and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without payment to you or any third party (which is referred to in these Terms as “User Content”). Further, by submitting such User Content you agree that upon SweepstakesGeneral.com's request, you will, without charge, make, execute and deliver any and all other instruments that may be necessary or desirable, as determined by SweepstakesGeneral.com in its sole discretion, for the purpose of ensuring that all rights in the User Content are transferred to SweepstakesGeneral.com and become the sole and exclusive property of SweepstakesGeneral.com. In connection with such User Content, you warrant and represent to SweepstakesGeneral.com that you have all rights, title and interests necessary to provide such User Content to SweepstakesGeneral.com, and that your provision of the User Content to SweepstakesGeneral.com shall not infringe any third party’s proprietary or personal rights, including but not limited to any trademark, copyright, patent, or trade secret and such submission will be compliance with all laws, rules and regulations. SweepstakesGeneral.com makes no warranties, express or implied, with regard to the Site, their operation, or your use of the Site, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. SweepstakesGeneral.com makes no warranties as to the availability, up-time, functionality, error-free nature or reliability of the Site or other services that you may access via the Site, the Internet, or other technology utilized to present, access or utilize the Site, nor does it warrant that the Site shall be free of computer viruses or other malicious content. SweepstakesGeneral.com reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the offering of the Site at any time for any reason without prior notice. Further, while SweepstakesGeneral.com utilizes electronic and physical security to reduce the risk of improper access to or manipulation of data during transmission and storage, it cannot guarantee the security or integrity of the data and shall have no liability for breaches of security or integrity or third-party interception in transit, nor for any damage which may result to your computer or other property by your use of the Site.

IN NO EVENT SHALL SweepstakesGeneral.com BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE SITE, EVEN IF SweepstakesGeneral.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, IN NO EVENT SHALL SweepstakesGeneral.com'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY REASON ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE SITE FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY, MISREPRESENTATION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF $10.00.

SweepstakesGeneral.com may provide links to third party Web Sites or services from the Site. Such links are provided for your convenience, and do not necessarily constitute an endorsement by SweepstakesGeneral.com of such Site or an affiliation between SweepstakesGeneral.com and the owners of such Site, nor shall SweepstakesGeneral.com be liable for the contents of such Site. SweepstakesGeneral.com will also not be liable for any errors in such links, or for any malfunction of such links.

SweepstakesGeneral.com may provide you with an opportunity to obtain software or other proprietary content owned by SweepstakesGeneral.com or a third party, such content may be subject to its own license agreement, in addition to these Terms. By using this Site, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless SweepstakesGeneral.com, its affiliates and contractors, and its and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any loss, claim, damage, obligation, liability, cost or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of any investigation or preparation) arising out of or in connection with any actual or threatened claim, suit, action or proceeding by any person based on or arising out any use by you, or an account or computer owned by you, or your provision of User Content to SweepstakesGeneral.com.

These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, United States of America. You agree that the exclusive forum for any disputes arising out of these Terms and/or your use of the Site shall be the state and federal courts located in Delray Beach, Florida. The provisions regarding ownership, disclaimers, indemnification, governing law and forum set forth above will survive any termination of these Terms. All notices to SweepstakesGeneral.com in connection with these Terms shall be provided in writing, and any notice will be deemed to be provided on the date it is received.