clock

Last Updated: October 29, 2017

This Online Master Agreement (“Agreement”) is by and between Balena Inc., located at 1517 12th Avenue, Suite 302, Seattle WA 98112 (“Balena” or “Company”) and the individual or legal entity (“Customer” or “You”) who has executed an order form (or other ordering or purchasing document) referencing this agreement or is using the applicable online services, support, and professional services (collectively “Services”) made available by Balena and governs all use by Customer of the Services referenced in such order form.By clicking the “I Accept” button, executing an order form, or by accessing, downloading or otherwise using the Software and Services, You signify your agreement to and acceptance of this agreement and acknowledge that You have read, understand and agree to be bound by its terms. If You are an individual acting on behalf of an entity, You represent and warrant that you have the authority to enter into this agreement on behalf of that entity and to legally bind that entity. If You do not have such authority, you are solely responsible for all acts and omissions relating to your use of the Services. If You do not accept the terms of this agreement, then You are not permitted to, and You must not access, download or otherwise use the Services.  
  
This Agreement, including all referenced documents located at the URLs listed below is effective as of the date You first access the Services.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
====================

SAAS SERVICES AND SUPPORT
==========================

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer the Services in accordance with any additional terms referenced in an Order Form. As part of the registration process, Customer will identify an administrative user name and password for Customer’s Company account.  Company reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel passwords it deems inappropriate.Unless otherwise specified, support will be provided on a “reasonable efforts” basis. In order to provide support, Balena may need to remotely access Your devices that utilize the Services. Balena will only access Your devices if necessary to address Your support request and upon grant of access via the access request dialog box in the online user interface. You hereby consent to such access by Balena solely for the purposes of providing support.

RESTRICTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
=================================

Customer will not, directly or indirectly: reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any software, documentation or data related to the Services (collectively, the “Software”); modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software (except to the extent expressly permitted by Company or authorized within the Services); use the Services or any Software for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise for the benefit of a third; or remove any proprietary notices or labels. These restrictions do not apply to any Software that is licensed under an open source license. With respect to any Software that is distributed or provided to Customer for use on Customer premises or devices, Company hereby grants Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use such Software during the Term only in connection with the Services.Customer represents, covenants, and warrants that Customer will use the Services only in compliance with Company’s standard published policies then in effect (the “Policy”) and all applicable laws and regulations.  Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company against any damages, losses, liabilities, settlements and expenses (including without limitation costs and attorneys’ fees) in connection with any claim or action that arises from an alleged violation of the foregoing or otherwise from Customer’s use of Services. Although Company has no obligation to monitor Customer’s use of the Services, Company may do so and may prohibit any use of the Services it believes may be (or alleged to be) in violation of the foregoing.Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, servers, software, operating systems, networking, web servers and the like (collectively, “Equipment”).  Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Equipment, Customer account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account or the Equipment with or without Customer’s knowledge or consent.  

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
========================

Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating to the Disclosing Party’s business (hereinafter referred to as “Confidential Information” of the Disclosing Party).  Confidential Information of Company includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Service.  Confidential Information of Customer includes non-public data provided by Customer to Company to enable the provision of the Services (“Customer Data”).  The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Confidential Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information.  The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party or (e) is required to be disclosed by law.Customer shall own all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Data, as well as any data that is based on or derived from the Customer Data and provided to Customer as part of the Services.  Company shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services and Software, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto, (b) any software, applications, fleets, inventions or other technology developed in connection with Implementation Services or support, and (c) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Company shall have the right collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use and performance of various aspects of the Services and related systems and technologies (including, without limitation, information concerning Customer Data and data derived therefrom), and  Company will be free (during and after the term hereof) to: (i) use such information and data to improve and enhance the Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in connection with the Services and other Company offerings, and (ii) disclose such data solely in aggregate or other de-identified form in connection with its business. No rights or licenses are granted except as expressly set forth herein.  

PAYMENT OF FEES
===============

Customer will pay Company the then applicable fees described in the Order Form for the Services and Implementation Services in accordance with the terms therein (the “Fees”).  If Customer’s use of the Services exceeds the Service Capacity set forth on the Order Form or otherwise requires the payment of additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be billed for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in the manner provided herein.  Company reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the Initial Service Term or thencurrent renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to Customer (which may be sent by email). If Customer believes that Company has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Company no later than 60 days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit.  Inquiries should be directed to Company’s customer support department.Company may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Company thirty (30) days after the mailing date of the invoice.  Unpaid amounts are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may result in immediate termination of Service.  Customer shall be responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than U.S. taxes based on Company’s net income. Customers electing to pay via physical check shall incur a 2% processing fee for each payment made via check.  

TERM AND TERMINATION
====================

Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Agreement is for the Initial Service Term as specified in the Order Form, and may be renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the Initial Service Term (collectively, the “Term”), by written confirmation of the Customer at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term.In addition to any other remedies it may have, either party may also terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ notice (or without notice in the case of nonpayment), if the other party materially breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.  Customer will pay in full for the Services up to and including the last day on which the Services are provided. Upon any termination, Company will make all Customer Data available to Customer for electronic retrieval for a period of thirty (30) days, but thereafter Company may delete stored Customer Data. All sections of this Agreement, which by their nature should survive termination, will survive termination, including, without limitation, accrued rights to payment, confidentiality obligations, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.  

WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
=======================

Company shall use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry standards to maintain the Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the Services and shall perform any Implementation Services in a professional and workmanlike manner.  Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Company or by third-party providers, or because of other causes beyond Company’s reasonable control, but Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in writing or by e-mail of any scheduled service disruption.  However, Company does not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free; nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Services.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, THE SERVICES AND IMPLEMENTATION SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  

INDEMNITY
=========

Company shall hold Customer harmless from liability to third parties resulting from infringement by the Service of any United States patent or any copyright or misappropriation of any trade secret, provided Company is promptly notified of any and all threats, claims and proceedings related thereto and given reasonable assistance and the opportunity to assume sole control over defense and settlement; Company will not be responsible for any settlement it does not approve in writing.  The foregoing obligations do not apply with respect to portions or components of the Service (i) not supplied by Company, (ii) made in whole or in part in accordance with Customer specifications, (iii) that are modified after delivery by Company, (iv) combined with other products, processes or materials where the alleged infringement relates to such combination, (v) where Customer continues allegedly infringing activity after being notified thereof or after being informed of modifications that would have avoided the alleged infringement, or (vi) where Customer’s use of the Service is not strictly in accordance with this Agreement.  If, due to a claim of infringement, the Services are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be or are believed by Company to be infringing, Company may, at its option and expense (a) replace or modify the Service to be non-infringing provided that such modification or replacement contains substantially similar features and functionality, (b) obtain for Customer a license to continue using the Service, or (c) if neither of the foregoing is commercially practicable, terminate this Agreement and Customer’s rights hereunder and provide Customer a refund of any prepaid, unused fees for the Service.  

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
=======================

IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR (A) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, LOST SALES OR BUSINESS, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, LOST DATA, OR FOR ANY AND ALL OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF A REPRESENTATIVE OF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR  (B) ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, COSTS, OR LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNTS PAID (PLUS ANY AMOUNTS PAYABLE) BY CUSTOMER DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE INCIDENT OR CLAIM.  THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION ALLOCATE THE RISKS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND THE PARTIES HAVE RELIED ON THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN IN DETERMINING WHETHER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  

MISCELLANEOUS
=============

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  This Agreement is not assignable or transferable by Customer except with Company’s prior written consent.  Company may assign or transfer any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with thirty (30) days’ written notice to Customer.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties relating to its subject matter and supersedes and replaces all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to its subject matter.  All waivers, amendments and modifications must be in writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.  No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Customer does not have any authority of any kind to bind Company in any respect whatsoever.  All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.