clock

Last Updated: April 1, 2020

Protecting your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is meant to help you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you.

SCOPE
=====

This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on ours Site(s), our mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”).  
  
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term differently in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. So, please make sure that you have read, understand and agree to our Terms and Conditions.  
  
This Privacy Policy applies to our operating divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates, including any additional subsidiary, or affiliate that we may subsequently form.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
===============================

Information You Provide to Us
=============================

**Account Information**. If you create an Account, we'll collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, company name and phone number. If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your Third-Party Accounts, we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other personal information that your privacy settings on the Third-Party Account permit us to access.**  
  
Your Communications with Us**. We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.**  
  
Surveys**. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.**  
  
Social Media Content**. We may offer forums, blogs, or social media pages. Any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy protections.

Information You Provide to Us
=============================

**Automatic Data Collection**. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services. Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices.  
  
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities. We may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our Services, including information about you when they tag you.**  
  
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising technologies**  
  
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.

* **Cookies**. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
* **Pixel Tags/Web Beacons**. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about users' engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a website page or clicked on a particular advertisement.

**Analytics**. We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can opt out of Google's collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).**  
  
Information from Other Sources.** We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to us and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
===========================

We use the personal information we collect to:**  
  
Fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:**  

* Managing your information and Account;
* Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
* Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device;
* Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
* Communicating with you about your account or your activities on our Services and policy changes; and
* Contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.

**Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as:**  

* Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
* Researching and developing products, services, marketing or security procedures to improve their performance, resilience, reliability or efficiency;
* Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services;
* Enforcing our terms and policies; and
* Complying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.

**Provide you with additional content and Services**, such as:  

* Furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services;
* Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities;
* Provide you our advertising or marketing content using third party services; and
* Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed when you provide personal information.

‍**Use De-identified and Aggregated Information.** We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.  
  
‍**Share Content with Friends or Colleagues.** Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.  
  
‍**Process Information on Behalf of Our Customers (as processors)**. Our customers may choose to use our Services to process certain data of their own, which may contain personal information. The data that we process through our Services is processed by us on behalf of our customer, and our privacy practices will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our customers, and our [Data Processing Addendum](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/636ab6ba0e1bd250e3aaedaf/63ca85647d71b6bd89d8af5f_dpa.pdf), and not this Privacy Policy.  
  
If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. Our customers control the personal information in these cases and determine the security settings within the account, its access controls and credentials. We will, however, provide assistance to our customers to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.**  
  
How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.** We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services. Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:

* **Operationally Necessary**. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality
* **Performance Related**. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the Services
* **Functionality Related**. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed
* **Advertising or Targeting Related**. We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third party sites

The Services may contain links to other websites, and other websites may reference or link to our website or other Services. These other websites are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.  
  
Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features. By using such Services, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes. In addition, social media buttons (such as Facebook of LinkedIn that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini-programs) may be on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
============================================

We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:**  
  
Service Providers.** We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third- party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services.**  
  
Business Partners.** We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. In such cases, our business partner's name will appear along with ours.**  
  
Affiliates.** We may share personal information with our affiliated companies.**  
  
Advertising Partners.** We do not use or share your information, including personal information, to advertise any third party's products or services via the Services. We may use and share your personal information with third-party advertising partners to market our own Services and grow our Services' user base, such as to provide targeted marketing about our own Services via third-party services. If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below.**  
  
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.** We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.**  
  
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.** If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.

YOUR CHOICES
============

General
=======

You have certain choices about your personal information. Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent further processing by contacting us as described below. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non- personal information regarding your activities on our Services and for other legal purposes as described above.

Opt-Out
=======

We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this privacy Policy or information about billing.

Modifying Your Information
==========================

You can access and modify the personal information associated with your Account by logging in to your Balena account. If you want us to delete your personal information and your Account, please contact us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.balena.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) with your request. We will take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.

Email and Telephone Communications
==================================

If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).  
  
We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.

“Do Not Track”
==============

Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
======================================

You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt\_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp), [http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/), [https://youradchoices.ca/choices/](https://youradchoices.ca/choices/), and [www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). To separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA's AppChoices application from your device's app store. Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device's platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.  
  
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. Advertisements on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners' use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.

YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
===================

Depending on your location and in accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:

* **Access to/Portability** of personal informationabout you consistent with legal requirements. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party
* **Request correction.** of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information or we may refer you to the controller of your personal information who is able to make the correction
* **Request deletion.** of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law
* **Request restriction of or object to** processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. For more information on your specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), see below.

INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
============================

You acknowledge that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.

DATA RETENTION
==============

We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.

SECURITY
========

We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you, including your personal information, from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.

CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
======================

The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected any personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child's account.

SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
=====================

If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an applicable supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.

CALIFORNIA PRIVACY
==================

The following notices apply to California residents and consumers.**  
  
California Shine the Light Law**. The California “Shine the Light” law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. To make such a request from us, if entitled, please use the contact information listed below.

Information We Collect
======================

In providing our Services, we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer or household (“Personal Information”), as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  
  
We have collected the following categories of Personal Information from our consumers in our role as a business within the last twelve (12) months (as indicated with a Yes below):

Category

Examples

Collected

Identifiers

name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security, or other similar identifiers.

Yes

Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.

Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).

No

Commercial information.

Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.

No

Biometric information.

Physiological, biological, or behavioral, characteristics (including DNA) that can be used to establish individual identity, or imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns, or rhythms, and sleep, health or exercise data that contain identifying information.

No

Internet or other electronic network activity.

Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.

Yes

Geolocation data.

Physical location or movements.

No

Sensory data.

Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.

No

Professional or employment-related information.

Current or past job history or performance evaluations.

No

NoNon-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).

Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.

No

Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.

Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.

No

Personal information categories listed in the categories above, but references in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).

A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Personal Information does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records. Note: Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.

No

Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information is Collected
==================================================================

We obtain the categories of Personal Information listed above from the types and categories of sources described above in this Privacy Notice.

Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
===================================================================

We may use, or disclose the Personal Information we collect for the business purposes describe above in this Privacy Notice.

Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
==========================================================

We may disclose your Personal Information to the third parties or others as described above in this Privacy Notice, for any of the business purposes described above in this Privacy Notice.  
  
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information in our role as a business for a business purpose:  

* Identifiers
* Internet information

Sales of Personal Information
=============================

In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not disclosed your Personal Information to any third-party in a manner that would be considered a sale under the CCPA.

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
=============================

Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we'll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we'll update the “Last Updated Date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective.

CONTACT US.
===========

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.balena.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) or by mail at 1517 12th Ave, Seattle, WA 98122.