BakaSHOTSbeta

  Welcome, Guest (user) | [Index](https://bakashots.me/index.php) | [ToS](https://bakashots.me/ToS.php) | [Upload](https://bakashots.me/upload.php) | [Login](https://bakashots.me/login.php) | [My uploads](https://bakashots.me/my.php)

BakaSHOTS Terms of Service
==========================

**Short version of the BakaSHOTS Terms of Service**

Do not upload anything that can be construed as copyrighted material, harassment, or spam. If you do, we will ban you, delete all your images, and prevent you from viewing any images hosted on the BakaSHOTS Website. You own the content that you upload.

**Definitions**

1. "Content" refers to any file that is shared, uploaded, or distributed through the BakaSHOTS Website.
2. "You", "Your" refers to the individual who uploads or has uploaded content to the BakaSHOTS Website.

**Content Ownership**

The content that you distribute through the BakaSHOTS Website is owned by you, and you give BakaSHOTS permission to display and distribute said content exclusively on the BakaSHOTS Website.

You may revoke this permission at any time by requesting your content to be removed. Such requests will be processed within a maximum period of 24 hours (but usually as short as one hour). After your request is processed, BakaSHOTS will cease distribution of your content within a maximum period of 24 hours (but usually as short as one hour) and will absolve itself of any ownership of said content, implied or otherwise.

BakaSHOTS will not sell or distribute your content to third parties or affiliates without your permission. Third parties may exercise the following options regarding your content:

* Third parties may hyperlink to the page that displays your content on the BakaSHOTS Website without modification and with proper attribution to you.
* Third parties may request permission to use your content by contacting you directly.

All requests for permission regarding your content usage directed at BakaSHOTS will be forwarded to you. All uploaded content is copyrighted to its respective owners. BakaSHOTS directs full legal responsibility of said content to their respective owners. All content generated by BakaSHOTS is copyrighted by BakaSHOTS. BakaSHOTS is not responsible for any uploaded content, nor is it in affiliation with any entities that may be represented in the uploaded content.

**Privacy**

All information provided by you to BakaSHOTS is strictly confidential. BakaSHOTS reserves the right to distribute aggregated non-personally-identifiable demographic information provided by you, but BakaSHOTS will never release any personal information about you without your permission. However, BakaSHOTS reserves the right to release your information if you have violated the BakaSHOTS Terms of Service, or if the information is subpoenaed.

**Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act**

BakaSHOTS is protected under Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

DMCA Title II, the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act ("OCILLA"), creates a safe harbor for online service providers (OSPs, including ISPs) against copyright liability if they adhere to and qualify for certain prescribed safe harbor guidelines and promptly block access to allegedly infringing material (or remove such material from their systems) if they receive a notification claiming infringement from a copyright holder or the copyright holder's agent. OCILLA also includes a counternotification provision that offers OSPs a safe harbor from liability to their users upon notice from such users claiming that the material in question is not, in fact, infringing. OCILLA also provides for subpoenas to OSPs to provide their users' identity.

**Abuse**

The following types of content constitutes "abuse" and may not be uploaded or distributed through the BakaSHOTS Website:

* Content that is illegal and/or violates any of EU laws.
* Content that violates copyrights held on said content.
* Non-image content. This includes archived non-image content.
* Content intended to harass or threaten.
* Content used to promote, spam, or send unsolicited marketing messages.

Uploading abusive content may result in the immediate termination of your ability to use the BakaSHOTS Website. The BakaSHOTS Website may not load, any content hosted on BakaSHOTS, and all abusive content will be subject to deletion. Circumventing BakaSHOTS's ability to enforce the BakaSHOTS Terms of Service will result in prosecution.

BakaSHOTS reserves the right to remove any content, and may replace any content with a notice stating reason for removal.

Any domain hotlinking to abusive content will have that content subject to removal.

**Limitation of Liability**

You agree that the use of the BakaSHOTS Website is entirely at your own risk. The BakaSHOTS Website is provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, constructive, or statutory, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose.

BakaSHOTS makes no guarantee of availability of service and reserves the right to change, withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any functionality or feature on the BakaSHOTS Website. In no event shall BakaSHOTS be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the BakaSHOTS Website or any content thereon. This disclaimer applies, without limitation, to any damages or injury, whether for breach of contract, tort, or otherwise, caused by any failure of performance; error; omission; interruption; deletion; defect; delay in operation or transmission; computer virus; file corruption; communication-line failure; network or system outage; or theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any record.

**Indemnity**

You agree to indemnify and hold BakaSHOTS harmless from any loss, liability, claims, damages and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising from or related to the content, use, or deletion of your content or use of any other feature or service. This expressly includes:

* Your responsibility for any and all liability arising from the violation or infringement of proprietary rights or copyrights.
* Any defamatory or unlawful material contained within your content.

**Maintenance**

BakaSHOTS may perform maintenance services as it determines reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that such maintenance may require downtime. BakaSHOTS will attempt in good faith to provide prior notice of the maintenance downtime.

**Payments**

BakaSHOTS is offered as a free service, and you will never be asked to pay to use services we provide. You may support BakaSHOTS by buying premium service to help cover our hosting fees.

Our order process is conducted by our online reseller [Paddle.com](http://paddle.com/).[Paddle.com](http://paddle.com/) is the Merchant of Record for all our orders. Paddle provides all customer service inquiries and handles returns.

**Refunds**

If you have made an error in making your payment or changed your mind about contributing to BakaSHOTS, we will honor all requests for a refund that are made within 15 days of the payment. To request a refund please send an email to [\[email protected\]](https://bakashots.me/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection). Refunds are returned using the original method of payment. If you made your payment by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.

**Miscellaneous**

Changing BakaSHOTS linking codes is prohibited without prior permission.  
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for taking reasonable measures to prevent others from gaining access to your accounts.  
BakaSHOTS Terms of Service are subject to change without notice.

No part of the BakaSHOTS Website may be reproduced or recreated without explicit written permission.

Optimized for all standards compilant browsers. Including: Firefox 16+, Chrome 22+ and Opera 12+.