Genius Monkey is committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all our users. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

* We collect no personally identifiable user information for the use of delivering ads via Genius Monkey. Personally identifiable information is defined by the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB), which is a trade association for the Internet marketing industry, as “Information that can be traced back to a specific user and provide personal information such as name, address, phone number, etc.” Simply put, it’s the information about you that can identify you as a person, not just an anonymous profile.
* We realize that the information that we receive from those that do direct business with us can be extremely confidential and often includes credit card data, FTP information and more. This information will be kept within our organization and will be given to staff solely on a need-to-know basis (for example, the programmer working on your site will need FTP access to your server).
* We will only use your personal information for internal use and it will never under any circumstances be sold or shared with any third party organization for their marketing purposes.
* We do not ask for any personally identifiable information on our wholly owned websites other than for the business purposes as specifically outlined.
* Genius Monkey neither collects, nor uses data regarding health conditions or treatments for ad targeting. Regarding our ad delivery abilities, every one of our profiles remains anonymous and relates to computers and mobile devices, not specific users.
* We use non-personally identifiable information for the purpose of displaying advertisements that are more likely to be relevant to users than what we would be able to display without the use of such information. For example, if we have non-personally identifiable information that a user recently searched for flat panel televisions, we may use that information to decide to display an ad for a new TV when that user requests a video on a Genius Monkey site. However, at no time do we know the name, address, phone number or other personal information of the user—the non-personally identifiable information we acquire relates only to the IP address and the recent activity of the web browser software to the extent that cookies are enabled in that software.
* We may also use non-personally identifiable information to determine whether to serve an advertisement to a user … and which advertisement to serve. For example, we may use a cookie to determine whether a particular ad has already been viewed by a user so that our server won’t deliver the same advertisement a second time. If an advertiser wants us to deliver a series of advertisements in a particular sequence, we may use a cookie to note that the first ad has been delivered to a particular user so our server knows to deliver the second ad in the series when that user next visits a Genius Monkey site.
* Non-personally identifiable information is collected through the use of cookies, which are small text files that contain a string of characters that are placed by an Internet server on your hard drive. A session ID cookie expires when your browser is closed. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for a longer period of time. Genius Monkey uses these persistent cookies to store the non-personally identifiable information referred to above, and to store inferences we make based on that non-personally identifiable information about what a user’s interests might be.
* The Genius Monkey cookie is not detrimental to your computer in any way, nor does it reveal your identity to us. It isn’t spyware or adware. The general definition of spyware or adware is that of a software package installed on your computer for purposes of monitoring all your Internet or general computer activity. We install no software of any kind on your computer, and we don’t have the ability to monitor or track your general computer or overall Internet usage. Cookies can be easily avoided by opting out from them or by adjusting your browser settings. Cookies traditionally expire after 30 days, while data collected for advertising purposes is kept for no longer than 2 years.
* Genius Monkey may allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf and to provide analytic services. These third parties may solicit personal information from you, use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Genius Monkey site or other sites. This information may be used by Genius Monkey and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on websites and better understand your online activity. Please be aware that our website may contain links to and from other sites on the web, and that Genius Monkey is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by Genius Monkey.
* We may share information about our users with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf. We may also share information if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, to enforce applicable user agreements or policies and to protect Genius Monkey, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities.
* Since Genius Monkey collects no personal information from users across our network, we are not able to relate any non-personally identifiable information in our possession to any specific individual. We are therefore unable to respond to requests from a particular individual to delete any non-personally identifiable information regarding such an individual. Please consult your web browser’s “help” file or menu for instructions on how to delete any cookies that may be placed by Genius Monkey on your hard drive.
* You may opt-out of the use of Genius Monkey cookies (used for the purposes of delivering more relevant advertising) by clicking [here](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/) or on the "Opt-Out" link at the bottom of this page. This will set an opt-out cookie on your browser that notifies our servers that no other Genius Monkey cookies should be sent. This will opt you out of both collection and targeting from Genius Monkey cookies. You should be aware that opting out doesn’t mean that you will not see Genius Monkey advertisements online. However, these ads will not be targeted based on your online user interest profile from us as an individual vendor. Anonymous segmentation data will still be collected by other third parties, but not used by Genius Monkey for targeting. You can opt-out of receiving cookies from certain third-party partners who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative by going to [networkadvertising.org/choices/](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1) and following the instructions. The majority of web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can change your web browser settings to cause your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can remove and/or disable cookies, web beacons or other tracking mechanisms by following directions provided in your Internet web browser’s “help’ file or menu. Understand, however, that there may be aspects of a Genius Monkey site that may not function properly if cookies are disabled.
* We receive email addresses from people wishing to subscribe to our newsletter. These emails are kept confidential and are used for no other purpose than to send our newsletter and our own marketing to our subscribers.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

  

Genius Monkey General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance For Users In The European Economic Area (EEA)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Website:** Personal information for potential clients is collected via the ‘Get Started’ and “Sign up for our Newsletter” forms. This information is stored in the Genius Monkey customer relationship management system (CRM). To have personal information removed from the CRM, users may submit the opt-out form at [geniusmonkey/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/)

**OmniMonkey:** Personal information for clients and employees is stored in the OmniMonkey system. No personal information for end users is collected. Clients or employees may have personal information removed from OmniMonkey by submitting the opt-out form at [geniusmonkey.com/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/)

**PixelMonkey:** IP address and User Agent information is collected for end users and stored in the PixelMonkey system. This information is used for the purpose of attribution. End users may have personal information removed from PixelMonkey by submitting the opt-out form at [geniusmoneky.com/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/)

**Data Retention Period:** Personal information stored in the above systems is preserved indefinitely unless otherwise requested by the affected party. To request a change to the data retention period for your information, contact [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com) with the details of the change requested.

**Your Information:** You may receive the information described in Article 13 of the GDPR (located here) at any time by sending a request to: [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com).

### Resources & Further Information

[Overview of the GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr)  
  

GENIUS MONKEY CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) COMPLIANCE FOR USERS IN CALIFORNIA
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Website:** Personal information for potential clients is collected via the ‘Get Started’ and ‘Sign up for our Newsletter’ forms. This information is stored in the Genius Monkey customer relationship management system (CRM). To request information or to have personal information corrected or removed from the CRM, users may submit the form at [geniusmonkey.com/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/) or by sending a request to [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com).

**OmniMonkey:** Personal information for clients and employees is stored in the OmniMonkey system. No personal information for end users is collected. Clients or employees may have request personal information or have information corrected or removed from OmniMonkey by submitting the form at [geniusmonkey.com/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/) or by sending a request to [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com).

**PixelMonkey:** IP address and User Agent information is collected for end users and stored in the PixelMonkey system. This information is used for the purpose of attribution. It is anonymized and not associated to any other personal information such as name, phone number, etc. End users may request personal information or have information corrected or removed from PixelMonkey by submitting the form at [geniusmoneky.com/optout](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/) or by sending a request to [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com).

**Data Retention Period:** Personal information stored in the above systems is preserved indefinitely unless otherwise requested by the affected party. To request a change to the data retention period for your information, contact [opt-out@geniusmonkey.com](mailto:opt-out@geniusmonkey.com) with the details of the change requested.

**Selling or Sharing User Data:** Genius Monkey does not sell or share personal information.

### Resources & Further Information

[Overview of the CCPA – California Consumer Privacy Act](https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa) [Opt-Out](https://geniusmonkey.com/optout/)