[![Honeypot.io logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.honeypot.io/en/)

* [For Talents](https://www.honeypot.io/en/)
    
* [![.cult logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)Dev Community](https://cult.honeypot.io/)
    
* [About Us](https://www.honeypot.io/en/about/)
    
* [Login](https://app.honeypot.io/users/login)
    
* Sign up

* [EN](https://www.honeypot.io/en/privacy_policy/)

* [ES](https://www.honeypot.io/es/privacy_policy/)

* [DE](https://www.honeypot.io/de/privacy_policy/)

* [NL](https://www.honeypot.io/nl/privacy_policy/)

Privacy Policy of New Work
==========================

The protection of your privacy is of particular importance to us.

New Work SE, Am Strandkai 1, 20457 Hamburg, Germany, e-mail: [\[email protected\]](https://www.honeypot.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection), hereinafter "We", as operator of the  
website "www.honeypot.io" is the controller for the use of the personal data of  
users of the website pursuant to Art. 4 (7) of the EU General Data Protection  
Regulation (“GDPR”). You can contact our data protection officer Christian Schmidt via [\[email protected\]](https://www.honeypot.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) or our postal address with reference to "Data protection  
officer".

Furthermore, it is important to us that you know, at any point, when we store  
your personal data and how we use it.

We will collect, process, and use your personal data in compliance with  
applicable European and German data protection law.

Consent settings
----------------

[Click here to view and edit your cookie consent options](https://www.honeypot.io/consent_options.html)

What is this Privacy Policy about?
----------------------------------

The details provided in this Privacy Policy shall provide you with information  
about when and how we collect personal data relating to you during your use of  
the websites and service operated by New Work under the domain ”honeypot.io”  
(“Service”) and how we use such data. We inform you about the kind of personal  
data, the scope of personal data, and the purposes that such collection and use  
of personal data is performed for. We, therefore, ask you to read the following  
explanations carefully.

This Privacy Policy is only valid for this website. The website might contain  
cross-references ("links") to other websites of third-party providers. Our  
Privacy Policy does not apply to websites of third parties. For this reason,  
users should carefully read privacy policies of third party websites collecting  
your personal data.

By agreeing to our Privacy Policy you agree to the collection, processing and  
use of your personal data in compliance with the laws applicable to the  
protection of personal data and the following provisions.

What is personal data?
----------------------

Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable  
natural person. A person is identifiable, if the person can be identified,  
directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number  
or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental,  
economic, cultural or social identity. This may include data such as e.g. name,  
email address, telephone number and mailing address. We process your data in the  
context of our service only when you have given us your consent to do so, the  
data is necessary for the performance of the contract or where it is permissible  
by law.

You may withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. A  
revocation has direct influence on the admissibility of the processing of your  
personal data as soon as directed to us.

If the processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests, you  
have the right to object to processing the personal data. If you exercise your  
right of objection, we kindly ask you to explain the reasons why we should not  
process your personal data. If your objection is justified, we will review the  
facts and adjust or modify the processing of data or inform you about imperative  
legitimate grounds for the processing.

We will delete your personal data as soon as the data is no longer necessary for  
the respective purpose. It may occur that personal data is kept for the time  
during which possible claims may be asserted against us (for example statutory  
limitation period of three or in some cases, thirty years). Furthermore, we are  
required by law to store certain data due to the duties of proof and retention,  
inter alia from the German Commercial Code, the German Tax Code or the Money  
Laundering Act. The storage periods can be up to ten years.

What kind of personal data does New Work collect?
-------------------------------------------------

With every access of our Service data related to this event is being saved to a  
protocol file or database on the server of our hosting service provider. This  
also applies to data you enter in order to use the Service or contact us.

We collect the following information:

\- File name of the content retrieved (respectively, information submitted by you  
in the course of using our service);  
\- Date and time of the request;  
\- Amount of data transferred, access status (content transmitted, content not  
found, etc.);  
\- Operating system, browser and device type;  
\- Screen resolution, language and time zone settings;  
\- Referrer-URL, i.e. internet address of the website visited previous to  
accessing our offering;  
\- IP address and name of your internet service provider.

The IP address is stored for the period of use only and will be deleted or  
anonymized afterwards immediately.

We collect the aforementioned data as this is technically necessary for us to be  
able to display our website and to ensure the stability and security of the  
website. The legal basis of this processing is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f)  
GDPR.

How does New Work use my personal data?
---------------------------------------

New Work uses the data for the following purposes:

\- Providing the services you requested, e.g. matching you with other members of  
our service.  
\- Making certain that you have the best possible user experience, e.g. edit your  
profile and manage your privacy settings.  
\- Honoring our contractual obligations to you, e.g. inform you about possible  
connections (Interview Invites) via the platform, email or phone.  
\- Enabling you to participate in our interactive service as far as you like.  
\- To inform you about changes to our service, relevant content releases, community events, and marketing initatives.

On our website you can set up an account to use our services in form of an  
online job marketplace platform. In case you sign up as a candidate (“Talent”),  
you are required to enter your personal data such as name and e-mail,. In  
addition, you need to add languages and other skills, employment and education  
history as well as location to create an account. You can also sign up with your  
LinkedIn or Github account (for further information please see provisions about  
social media plug-ins below). In this case, further information may be required,  
such as name, photo, current position, etc. New Work can contact the Talent to  
determine further information required and update the profile accordingly.  
Signing up as an employer requires to enter the company name, hiring location,  
number of employees, contact person and contact e-mail. The information required  
for the implementation of the contract relationship will be processed for this  
purpose only. In most cases, companies access the profiles of Talents by  
themselves on the platform after searching for certain skills and contact the  
Talent directly. Furthermore, however, New Work can contact the Talent or the  
employer via phone, email or messaging service and suggest companies which fit  
the Talent´s profile or suggest Talents which fit the company´s profile. The  
legal basis of this processing is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. A storage  
of data can be revoked at any time.

The specified data and your entire user account can always be deleted in the  
customer area. You agree to treat personal access data confidentially and not to  
make such data available to unauthorized third parties. We do not assume  
liability for misused passwords unless we are responsible for the abuse. You  
should notify us immediately if you are concerned about a third party having  
knowledge of your password, if the password is used unauthorized or this seems  
to be likely. You are responsible for ensuring that your information is accurate  
and complete and that you notify us of any changes to the information provided.  
You can review and update the information provided and your account settings  
section of our website. After completing communication with New Work you should  
log out and close the browser window, especially if you share the computer with  
other people.

Due to commercial and tax regulations, we may be obliged to store part of the  
personal data transferred (e.g. payment data) for a period of 10 years. After a  
period of \[e.g. 2 years\] we restrict the use of specific data and, as a  
consequence, the data may be used to comply with legal obligations only.

Does New Work transfer data to third parties?
---------------------------------------------

We transmit your personal data to third parties only if you have consented to  
the transfer, if the transfer is necessary for the performance of the contract,  
or we are enforced to do so by law.

Companies we cooperate with to mediate the Talent and try to match the right  
person with the right job have access to profiles of the Talents and therefore  
personal data of Talents are transmitted to the companies as a result. The  
companies are only allowed to process these personal data within the framework  
of the application process (especially save the data in their applicant tracking  
system) and to contact the Talent in case there are interested. The legal basis  
of this processing is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b) and f) GDPR.

We sometimes use external service providers to process your personal data and to  
provide our services. They are carefully chosen and instructed by us. They are  
bound by our instructions and are regularly inspected. The data provided to our  
service providers may be used by them to fulfill their tasks only.

In particular, New Work transfers personal data to service providers to be able  
to create and publish Talent profiles on the platform, to proof the Talent´s  
qualification, to invite Talents to online interviews with companies or with  
New Work, to ensure communication between Talents and companies and between  
Talents and New Work and to help Talents and companies with the Visa process.

In order to improve the services of New Work and to assess whether a contract  
between Talent and Company will take place soon. New Work is able to access the  
communication between Talent and Company on the platform.

If we transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will  
do so only if the EU Commission has decided that the third country ensures an  
an adequate level of data protection or other appropriate safeguards exist (e.g. EU  
standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules) or a person has given  
its consent to do so.

Does New Work use Cookies?
--------------------------

In addition to the aforementioned usage data, cookies are stored on your  
computer when you use our website. These are small text files that are stored on  
your device and through which New Work receives certain information. However,  
cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. We use cookies  
to configure a visit to our website more attractive and to enable the use of  
certain functions.

We use transient and persistent cookies on our website. If you close your  
browser, transient cookies are automatically deleted. These cookies include, in  
particular, session cookies. This will allow us to recognize your computer when  
you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted as soon as you close the  
browser or log out.

In contrast, persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified  
period of time. These cookies can be deleted at any time in the security  
settings of your browser.

Generally, you can configure your browser settings in accordance with your  
personal demands and, for example, decline all cookies. However, non-acceptance  
of cookies may limit the functionality of our website.

Does New Work use analytics tools?
----------------------------------

New Work uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.  
("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are saved  
on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of our website. The  
information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is usually  
transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. However, in the event  
of the activation of IP anonymization on our website, your IP address will be  
truncated previously by Google within member states of the European Union or in  
other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in  
exceptional cases, the full IP address will be sent to a Google server in the US  
and truncated there. On behalf of New Work, Google will use this information to  
evaluate your use of our website, compile reports on website activity, and  
provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to  
New Work.

The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not  
be combined with other Google data.

You can prevent the storage of cookies by an appropriate setting of your browser  
software; however, please note that in this case, you may not be able to use the  
full range of all functions of our website. You may also prevent the collection  
of the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of our website  
(including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by  
downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following  
link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

New Work uses Google Analytics with the extension "\\\_anonymizeIp ()".  
Accordingly, IP addresses are truncated, and, thus, a reference to persons can be  
ruled out. If the data collected about you have a personal reference, this  
reference is immediately excluded, and the personal data is deleted immediately.

We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve the use of our website.  
With the statistics, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for  
you as a user. For the exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred  
to the US, Google is part of the EU-US Privacy Shield,  
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis of this  
processing is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.

Information of third-party providers: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon  
House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User  
conditions: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Overview of data  
protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and  
privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.

Does New Work use Google Adwords?
---------------------------------

New Work uses Google Adwords to draw attention to our offers by using  
advertising materials (so-called Google Adwords) on external websites. In  
relation to the data of the advertising campaigns, we can determine how  
successful the individual advertising measures are. We are interested in showing  
you advertisements that are of interest to you, to make our website more  
interesting to you and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.

These advertising materials are supplied by Google via so-called "ad servers".  
Therefore, we use ad server cookies, which measure certain performance metrics  
such as ads or user clicks. If you access our website through a Google ad,  
Google Adwords will store a cookie on your PC. These cookies usually lose their  
validity after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally.  
Typically, the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement  
(frequency), last impression (relevant to post-view conversions), and opt-out  
information (mark that the user does not like to be addressed) will be saved.

These cookies allow Google to recognize your internet browser. If a user visits  
certain pages of an Adwords customer's website and the cookie stored on their  
computer has not expired, Google and the customer will be able to detect that  
the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page. Each Adwords  
customer is assigned a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked via the  
websites of Adwords customers. New Work does not collect and process any  
personal data in the aforementioned advertising measures. We receive only  
statistical evaluations by Google. On the basis of these evaluations, we can  
identify which of the advertising measures used are effective. We do not receive  
any further data from the use of the advertising material, in particular, we  
cannot identify the users on the basis of this information.

Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct  
connection to the Google server. We have no control over the extent and the  
further use of the data, which are raised by the appliance of this tool by  
Google. Therefore we inform you according to our knowledge level: By the  
incorporation of AdWords conversion, Google receives the information that you  
entered the appropriate part of our internet appearance or click on an ad from  
us. If you are registered with a service provided by Google, Google may  
associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with  
Google or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will find and  
store your IP address.

You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several ways: a) by  
adjusting your browser software accordingly, in particular, suppression of  
third-party cookies will prevent you from receiving any third party  
advertisements; b) by deactivating the cookies for conversion tracking by  
setting your browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com"  
under https://www.google.de/settings/ads. However, this setting will be deleted  
when you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of  
providers that are part of the self-regulation "About Ads" campaign via the link  
http://www.aboutads.info/ choices, however, this setting will be deleted  
when you delete your cookies; d) by permanent deactivation in your browser  
(Firefox, Internet Explorer, or Google Chrome) under the link  
http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. We point out that, in this case you  
may not be able to use all the features of our offer.

The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f)  
GDPR. More information about privacy at Google can be found here:  
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy and  
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html. Alternatively, you can visit the  
website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at  
http://www.networkadvertising.org. Google is part of the EU-US Privacy Shield,  
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

Does New Work use Social-Media-Plug-ins?
----------------------------------------

New Work currently uses the following social media plug-ins on our website:  
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and GitHub.

New Work uses the so-called two-click solution. This means that, by visiting our  
website, no personal data is initially passed on to providers of such plug-ins.

The provider of the plug-in can be identified on our website by the  
corresponding logo via the respective button. We provide the opportunity to  
communicate directly with the provider of the plug-in. The plug-in provider only  
receives the information that you have accessed its website via our online  
service if you click on the designated field and activate it. Furthermore, the  
information according to access and cookies of this Privacy Policy will be  
transmitted.

In Germany, according to the information of the respective provider, when using  
Facebook plug-ins, the IP address will be anonymized immediately after  
collection.

Please note that through activation of the plug-in, personal data will be  
transferred about you to the respective plug-in provider (in the case of US  
providers to the USA). Data collection is mainly done by plug-in providers via  
cookies. So we recommend deleting all cookies on the security settings of your  
browser before clicking on the button.

We have no influence on the collected data and the data processing operations.  
We are also not aware of the full scope of the data collection, the purpose of  
the processing, and the storage periods. In addition, we have no information on  
the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider.

The respective plug-in provider stores the data collected about you in profiles  
and uses them for marketing, market research, and/or tailored design of its  
website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (also for non-logged-in  
users) for the presentation of tailor-made advertising and to inform other users  
of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to  
object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise, you need to  
contact the respective plug-in provider. The plug-ins allow us to interact with  
social networks and other users so that we can improve our offer and make it  
more interesting for you. The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is Art. 6  
(1) sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.

A transfer of data takes place regardless of whether you have an account with  
the plug-in provider and are logged in. However, if you are logged in to the  
plug-in provider, your data collected from us will be assigned directly to your  
user account. If you activate the social media button and, for example, link the  
page, the plug-in provider also stores this information in your user account and  
shares it publicly with your contacts. For this reason, we recommend logging out  
regularly after using a social network, but especially before activating the  
button, as this will prevent you from being assigned to your profile with the  
plug-in provider.

For more information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and its  
processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the privacy statements of  
the relevant provider, which are provided below. You will also get further  
information about your rights and settings options to protect your privacy.

Addresses of respective plug-in provider and URL with privacy policies:

Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA;  
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; further information on the collection of  
data: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084,  
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#applications, and  
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info#everyoneinfo. Facebook is part  
of the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA;  
https://twitter.com/privacy. Twitter is part of EU-US-Privacy-Shield,  
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA;  
http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. LinkedIn is part of the  
EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

Github Inc., 88 Colin P Kelly Jr St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA;  
https://enterprise.github.com/privacy. Github is part of the  
EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

Does New Work use Retargeting-Services?
---------------------------------------

New Work currently uses retargeting functions of Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook. This service makes it possible to reach users who previously visited or register on our website to show targeted advertisements and offers of New Work based on the collected information. In the case of Facebook, we are using the Facebook Pixel, which is implemented on our website.

Addresses and URL with privacy policies:

Google:

\- Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland  
\- Privacy Policy: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated  
\- Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active

LinkedIn:

\- LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland  
\- Privacy Policy: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy  
\- Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0

Facebook Pixel:

\- Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland)  
\- Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php

Twitter:

\- Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland)  
\- Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy

Does New Work save my data in case of me making a request?
----------------------------------------------------------

In case you direct an inquiry to New Work, New Work saves the communication  
history with you as well as information and data submitted in the course of this  
communication (e.g. email address), in order to optimally answer your request  
and any further follow-ups. New Work will delete the relevant data after the  
storage is no longer required or restrict the processing if statutory retention  
periods exist.

Is my data secure?
------------------

New Work takes all appropriate technical and organizational security measures to  
protect your data against manipulation, loss, destruction, or unauthorized access  
by third parties. Our systems are secured against unauthorized access. However,  
we have to point out that the Internet does not allow for absolute data security  
despite all technical measures. We are not liable for actions of third parties.

What are my rights in relation to New Work?
-------------------------------------------

You have the right of access, rectification or erasure, restriction of  
processing, to object, and to data portability with respect to your personal  
data.

New Work is available for corresponding requests or messages at the specified  
address below.

Please note that the deletion of data is only possible if there are no  
precluding legal regulations. Information concerning your requests or messages  
is transmitted in electronic form (by e-mail). Should you use this option of  
providing information via e-mail, the specified e-mail address (both sender and  
recipient) will not be used for any purpose other than the provision of  
information and its documentation. You also have the right to lodge a complaint  
concerning the processing of your personal data by us with a supervisory  
authority.

If we are legally required to disclose data to local, state, national or  
international authorities, we will comply with this obligation.

We will also disclose information to third parties when required by applicable  
laws and regulations.

In addition, we may disclose information to investigate, prevent, or initiate  
countermeasures against illegal activities or suspected fraud, or to apply or  
enforce any of our contracts and licensing rights.

Is an amendment to the Privacy Policy possible?
-----------------------------------------------

New Work reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, but  
New Work will always observe the applicable statutes concerning data protection.  
An up-to-date version is available on our website. New Work recommends that  
users regularly review our Privacy Policy in order to be informed about our  
current Privacy Policy.

How do I contact Honeypot in regard to data privacy aspects?
------------------------------------------------------------

We look forward to your contact in case you might have requests, questions, or  
suggestions relating to data privacy. Please direct written requests to:

New Work SE  
Am Strandkai 1  
20457 Hamburg, Germany

or

[\[email protected\]](https://www.honeypot.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

[You can find the privacy policy for cult.honeypot.io here](https://cult.honeypot.io/privacy-policy).
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='108.00000000000001'%20width='122'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Honeypot.io bearpot](/static/79dec0e899b9867578151b9058e11d0b/5655b/half-bearpot.png)

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='18'%20width='90'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Honeypot.io logo](/static/d510f5b46608ab2970e0165143b6b725/9c21d/text-logo.png)](https://www.honeypot.io/)

[For talents](https://www.honeypot.io/en/)

* [EN](https://www.honeypot.io/en/privacy_policy/)

* [ES](https://www.honeypot.io/es/privacy_policy/)

* [DE](https://www.honeypot.io/de/privacy_policy/)

* [NL](https://www.honeypot.io/nl/privacy_policy/)

[About us](https://www.honeypot.io/en/about/)

[Press](https://www.honeypot.io/en/about/#press)

[FAQ](https://www.honeypot.io/en/faq/)

[Legal notice](https://www.honeypot.io/en/legal_notice/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.honeypot.io/en/privacy_policy/)

[Cookie declaration](https://www.honeypot.io/consent_options.html)

[Terms of Service](https://www.honeypot.io/en/terms_of_service/)

We're social, too!

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/honeypotio/)

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/honeypot.cult)

[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsUalyRg43M8D60mtHe6YcA/videos)

[\[email protected\]](https://www.honeypot.io/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

* [EN](https://www.honeypot.io/en/privacy_policy/)

* [ES](https://www.honeypot.io/es/privacy_policy/)

* [DE](https://www.honeypot.io/de/privacy_policy/)

* [NL](https://www.honeypot.io/nl/privacy_policy/)