[](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/)

* [Pricing](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/pricing?from=homePage)
* [Sign in](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/signin?from=home)
* Add To Chrome

Privacy Policy
==============

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
------------------------------

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
* **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Awesome Screenshot & Recorder.
* **Company** (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Diigo Inc.
* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Service** refers to the Application
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
---------------------------------------

### Types of Data Collected

#### Account Information

To set up an AwesomeScreenshot account, You need to supply fundamental registration information including Your name and email address. This can be obtained through single sign-on services like Google. For instance, when You establish an account or log into the Service with Your Google credentials, We access Your name, email address, and profile picture as allowed by Your Google profile settings for the purpose of authenticating You.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service through iOS or MacOS, We may collect certain information including, but not limited to, Your operating system, Your app version, Your screen recording data and other diagnostic data.

#### General Customer Interaction

We may collect additional information You choose to share with Us through general customer interactions such as emails, website forms, comments, support tickets, social media, survey responses, or other interactions with users within our products.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* **To provide and maintain our Service,** including to monitor the usage of our Service.
* **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
* **For the performance of a contract:** the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
* **To contact You:** To contact You by email or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
* **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
* **For other purposes:** We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

* **With Service Providers:** We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
* **With other users:** when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
* **With Your consent:** We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
* **Third-Party Services:** You can choose to permit or restrict Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services may integrate with our services and you can enable or disable the integrations. Once enabled, the Third-Party Service may share some information with us to facilitate the integration. You should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand the data collection, sharing and use.
* **What Google user data is accessed by Our application?**  
    For accessing Your Google account information, please refer to Account Information mentioned above. When You integrate our services to Your YouTube account, We access specific user details from Your YouTube profile only when You utilize this third-party service. The information includes Your channel name(s), channel ID, channel thumbnail URL, and uploaded video URL. Similarly, when You integrate our services to Your Google Drive, We access specific user information from Your Google Drive account only when You utilize this third-party service, such as Your folder name(s) and uploaded file URL. We solely access Your Google data when necessary, such as during the process of uploading files to a Google Drive folder or a YouTube channel.
* In terms of integration with YouTube, We use YouTube API services. If You enable the integration with YouTube, You are agreeing to be bound by the [YouTube Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms). [How to upload a video recorded with Awesome Screenshot to YouTube?](https://youtu.be/zE0ZwvJKb7M)  
    In terms of integration with Google Drive, We use Google Drive API services. If You enable the integration with Google Drive, You are agreeing to be bound by the [Google Drive Terms of Service](https://www.google.com/drive/terms-of-service). [How to upload a video recorded with Awesome Screenshot or a screenshot captured with Awesome Screenshot to Google Drive?](https://youtu.be/BnjyQXw5Pjo)  
    Under the situation of Us accessing or using authorized data, in addition to Awesome Screenshot's normal procedure for deleting stored data, You can revoke access to Your data via the [Google security settings page](https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). For more information on integration with YouTube and Google Drive, You can check the [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

#### GDPR compliance

We updated our Privacy Policy to comply with requirements of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is the European Union data protection law that goes into effect May 25, 2018.

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us. [We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect Your data.](https://support.awesomescreenshot.com/hc/en-us/articles/15556118596505-How-do-you-protect-my-personal-or-and-our-workspace-data) While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. If You worry about the security of Your data very much, You have the option to save recordings and screenshots to Local (Your computer) instead of using any Cloud storage provided by Us or other third parties.

Children's Privacy
------------------

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites
-----------------------

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. If We make any material changes, We will send You a link to Our new policy along with a summary of Our updated content via email.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can [contact us](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/contact_us).

Get Awesome Screenshot for free
===============================

Add To Chrome

Support:

#### Product

* [Pricing](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/pricing)
* [Tools](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/tools)
* [Blog](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/blog)

#### Support

* [Contact us](mailto:care@awesomescreenshot.com)
* [Help](https://support.awesomescreenshot.com/hc/en-us)

#### Legal

* [Privacy Policy](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/privacy)
* [Terms of Use](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/privacy/terms.html)
* [Data Processing Agreement](https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/policies/data-processing-agreement)

#### Social

* [](https://www.facebook.com/awesomescreen/)
* [](https://twitter.com/awe_screenshot)

© 2010-2024 Awesome Screenshot, Inc. All Rights Reserved.