SITE TERMS OF USE

PLEASE READ THESE SITE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING ORUSING THIS WEBSITE. DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESETERMS.



Last Updated: December 2020

The following Site Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of websitesowned and operated by Green Dot Corporation, Green Dot Bank d/b/a GoBank, GO2bank andBonneville Bank, and their subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Green Dot”, “we”, “us” or “our”),including any content, functionality, products and services offered on or through such websites(collectively, the “Services”). Please note that if you are a cardholder, these Terms of Use are notintended to, and do not, modify or alter the terms of your Deposit Account Agreement orCardholder Agreement, as applicable, which governs your use of your debit card (“Card”). Byaccessing or using the Services, whether via computer, mobile device or other technology, yourepresent that you are 18 years of age or older and you have read and agree to be bound bythese Terms of Use in their entirety and all applicable laws, rules and regulations governing youruse of the Services. These Terms of Use may be amended by posting a new version on ourServices which version will be effective upon posting. If you do not agree to the new version ofthese Terms of Use, do not use the Services.

Privacy

To access the Services or some of the resources offered, you may be asked to provide certainpersonal information and non-personal information. It is a condition of your use of the Servicesthat all the information you provide is correct, current and complete. Your use of the Services isgoverned by our Technology Privacy Statement and if applicable, the Privacy Policy applicable toyour Card or other product or service, which explain how we collect, store, share or otherwise useyour personal information and non-personal information, and you consent to all actions we takewith respect to your information consistent with our Technology Privacy Statement and PrivacyPolicy.

Registration; Accounts

As a condition of using certain aspects of the Services, you may be required to register for anaccount ("Account"). To register for an Account, you will: (1) provide true, accurate and completeinformation about yourself in the registration form; (2) maintain and promptly update suchinformation; and (3) establish a username and password which you will keep secure. You agreenot to provide access to your Account together with your user username and password to others.You are solely responsible for protecting the security of your Account on your device. Green Dotshall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate registrationinformation. You are responsible for all use of your Account and for ensuring that use of oraccess to your Account complies fully with these Terms of Use.

Proprietary Rights; Use of Content

The Services are owned and operated by Green Dot or its affiliates, licensors and/or third partyservice providers (the “Green Dot Parties”) and unless otherwise indicated, all designs, text,images, videos, graphics, software and other content and materials appearing in the Services(collectively, “Content”) are the property of Green Dot or the Green Dot Parties, and protected,without limitation, by U.S. and foreign copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other indicia of origin (collectively,"Marks") appearing on the Services are the property of Green Dot or the Green Dot Parties. Youmay not make any use of any Content or Marks without the prior written consent of Green Dot.No Content from the Services may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,transmitted, or distributed in any way.

Your Conduct

In using or accessing the Services you agree: (1) not to use the Services or any of the Contentcontained herein, for any unlawful or fraudulent purpose; (2) not to “spam” others or “phish” forothers' personal information; (3) not to create or use a false identity; (4) not to disrupt or interferewith the security of, “deeplink”, attempt to obtain unauthorized access to or otherwise abuse, theServices or affiliated or linked websites; (5) not to disrupt or interfere with any other user’senjoyment of the Services; (6) not to use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose anyMarks or other proprietary information (including Content); (7) not to use meta tags or any other“hidden text” utilizing a Mark; and (8) not to use the Services in a manner that is defamatory,inaccurate, profane, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, violates any third partyproprietary rights, or is in violation of any law or regulation.

Third Party Websites and Services

The Services may contain links to third party websites and services, over which Green Dot has nocontrol. You acknowledge and agree that Green Dot does not endorse, verify, or make anyrepresentations regarding these third party websites and services and is not responsible for theavailability of, and any liability arising from, any such third party websites and services. Green Dotis not liable to you or any other party for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as aresult of these third party websites and services. It is recommend that you carefully review anyterms of use and privacy policy of any linked third party website before providing any informationto that website or using its products and services.

Termination; Modification

Green Dot reserves the right, without notice and at its sole discretion, to suspend or terminateyour ability to access or use the Services, and to block or prevent future access to and use of theServices for any reason. Green Dot may, in its sole discretion, terminate, change, modify,suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any or all aspects of the Services, temporarily orpermanently, at any time with or without notice to you. You agree that Green Dot shall not beliable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance.

Disclaimer

THE GREEN DOT PARTIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR CONTRACTORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “GREEN DOTPARTNERS”) MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IN CONNECTION WITH THESERVICES OR CONTENT, ALL OF WHICH ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "ASAVAILABLE" BASIS. THE GREEN DOT PARTNERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIEDWARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLEAND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, CONTENT AND ANYTHIRD PARTY WEBSITE OR SERVICE. THE GREEN DOT PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANTTHAT THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THEOPERATION OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA WILL BESECURE, OR THAT THIS CONTENT, SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEMAVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE GREENDOT PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING THEUSE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT IN TERMS OFTHEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.The Green Dot Partners will not be responsible for any delay, failure in performance orinterruption of service, resulting directly or indirectly from acts of God, acts of civil or militaryauthorities, civil disturbances, terrorism, wars, strikes or other labor disputes, fires, transportationcontingencies, interruptions in telecommunications or Internet services or network providerservices, failure of equipment and/or software, other catastrophes or any other occurrences whichare beyond the Green Dot Partners’ reasonable control.

Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,NEGLIGENCE, SHALL ANY OF THE GREEN DOT PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYTHIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LOSSES INCURRED (INCLUDING,WITHOUT LIMITATION, COMPENSATORY, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES), HOWEVER CAUSED, AND UNDER ANYTHEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A GREEN DOT PARTNER IS ADVISED OF THEPOSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LOSSES, ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH:(1) THE SERVICES; (2) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT; (3)ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE OR SERVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH OR AVAILABLETHROUGH THE SERVICES; (4) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OR LOSSOF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT IS SENT ORRECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES; OR (5) ERRORS, SYSTEM DOWN TIME,NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGES, FILE CORRUPTION OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS.NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, THECUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF THE GREEN DOT PARTNERS TO YOU ARISING FROM ANYCAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALLTIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU FOR ACCESS TO THESERVICES. IF NO AMOUNTS WERE PAID, YOUR SOLE REMEDY UNDER THESE TERMSOF USE SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE ANY USE OF THE SERVICES.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Green Dot Partners from and against anyactual or alleged claims, demands, causes of action, judgments, damages, losses, liabilities, andall costs and expenses of defense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and otherlegal fees and costs) arising out of or relating to: (1) your violation of these Terms of Use or anylaw, rule or regulation; (2) your use of the Services or any Content; (3) loss of any data or accountinformation; and (4) any material sent by you to Green Dot. You will cooperate as fully andreasonably as required by Green Dot in the defense of any claim. Green Dot reserves the right toassume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, andyou will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Green Dot.

Governing Law

These Terms of Use shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the lawsof the State of California excluding conflicts of law rules. Any dispute arising from these Terms ofUse or the Services shall be resolved in the state or federal courts residing in Los Angeles,California and you irrevocably agree to the jurisdiction of such courts. Green Dot makes norepresentation that Content contained in the Services is appropriate or available for use injurisdictions outside the United States, or that the Terms of Use comply with the laws of any othercountry. If any provision of these Terms of Use are deemed unlawful, void or for any reasonunenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shallnot affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Export Control

The supply of goods, services and software through the Services is subject to United Statesexport control and economic sanctions requirements. By acquiring any such items through theServices, you represent and warrant that your acquisition comports with and your use of the itemwill comport with those requirements. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not acquire goods,services or software through the Services if: (1) you are in, under the control of, or a national orresident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria or if you are on the U.S. TreasuryDepartment's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department's DeniedPersons List, Unverified List or Entity List or (2) you intend to supply the acquired goods, servicesor software to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria (or a national or resident of one of thesecountries) or to a person on the Specially Designated Nationals List, Denied Persons List,Unverified List, or Entity List.

Assignment

You will not assign (including without limitation by operation of law, change of control orotherwise) your rights or licenses to the Services provided under these Terms of Use, either inwhole or in part, without the prior written consent of Green Dot, and any attempted assignmentcontrary to the foregoing will be void and have no effect. We may assign all or a portion of ourrights under these Terms of Use.

Waiver and Severability

No waiver of by Green Dot of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall bedeemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term orcondition, and any failure of Green Dot to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Useshall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdictionto be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limitedto the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in fullforce and effect.

Contact Us

Green Dot Customer Service, P.O. Box 5100, Pasadena, California 91117.