Terms of use
------------

Terms of use of Manorama Online User Agreement
----------------------------------------------

Being allowed access to www.manoramaonline.com ("the site") for Manorama Online, you enter into the manorama.com user agreement on the terms and conditions set out below. This Agreement is for an indefinite term. Subject to the terms contained herein, either party can terminate this agreement for any reason provided that such termination shall be conditional upon, including but not limited to, discharge of all contractual and statutory obligations.

Changes
-------

We reserve the right to add to or change/modify the terms of this Agreement. Any changes will be posted and it is your responsibility as a user to refer to the terms on accessing this service. Changes could be made by us after the first posting to the Site and you will be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to access the Site after that time. This Site reserves the right to modify, suspend/cancel, or discontinue any or all channels, or service at any time without notice , make modifications and alterations in any or all of the content , products and services contained on the site without prior notice.

Charges
-------

This Site reserves the right to charge subscription or membership fees in respect of any part , aspect of this Site upon reasonable prior notice.  
Copyright and Trademarks  
Unless otherwise stated, copyright and all intellectual property rights in all material presented on the site (including but not limited to text, audio, video or graphical images), trademarks and logos appearing on this site are the property of The Malayala Manorama Co. (P) Ltd, its parent, affiliates and associates and are protected under applicable Indian laws. Any infringement shall be vigorously defended and pursued to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Limited Permission to Copy
--------------------------

You are permitted to print or download extracts from these pages for your personal non-commercial use only. Any copies of these pages saved to disk or to any other storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use. You may not (whether directly or through the use of any software program) create a database in electronic or structured manual form by regularly or systematically downloading and storing all or any part of the pages from this site. No part of The Site may be reproduced or transmitted to or stored in any other web site, nor may any of its pages or part thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non-electronic form, nor included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without prior written permission. Requests to republish Manorama material for distribution should be addressed to Malayala Manorama at e-mail - editorial@mm.co.in Individual Registration, Access and Exchange of Information For certain services such as Email, personal web pages, contests and shopping registration by the visitor is required. By registering, you agree to the following terms in addition to any other specific terms which shall be posted at an appropriate location of the Site. Each registration is for a single individual user only. To access these services, you will be asked to enter your individual User Name and Password. Therefore, we do not permit any of the following:-  
3\. Any other person sharing your User Name and Password  
4\. Any part of the Site being cached in proxy servers and accessed by individuals who have not registered with Manorama as users of the Site  
5\. Access through a single User Name and Password being made available to multiple users on a network. If we reasonably believe that a User Name and Password are being used in any of these ways, we reserve the right to cancel access rights immediately without notice, and block access to all users from that IP address. All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials, whether publicly or privately transmitted/posted, is the sole responsibility of the person from where such content originated. You shall be solely responsible for all content that you upload, post or otherwise transmit. Manorama does not control the content posted via chat and other community services and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. You understand that by using such services, you may be exposed to objectionable matter. Under no circumstances will Manorama be liable in any way for any content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, uploaded on this site. By using the facility of chat and other community services you agree not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any matter or views that is/are, defamatory, abusive, obscene, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. You may also not indulge in cyber stalking become or create a nuisance for any person. You may not send, submit, post, or otherwise transmit, messages or material that contain software virus, or any other files that are designed to interrupt, destroy, and negatively affect in any manner whatsoever, any electronic equipment in connection with the use of this site, or other user's ability to engage in real time exchanges. Manorama shall at its sole discretion terminate your account without any prior notice for any violation of the Terms of Use. All content posted by you becomes the property of manorama.com and you agree to grant/assign the royalty free, perpetual right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. Certain services are only a venue for persons to interact and exchange views with each other. Any transactions relating to sale/purchase of goods or services offered are to be settled between the parties and all warranties express or implied of any kind, regarding any matter pertaining thereto, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement are disclaimed by this site. This site is not involved in any way in the actual transactions between the buyers and sellers. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Malayala Manorama Co Ltd, its parent, affiliates and associates, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit , post to or transmit or as a result of any transaction done on or through this site.

Email Services
--------------

This Site may place reasonable restrictions on the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account, the maximum disk space that will be allotted to you, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the service in a given period of time. Inactive accounts may be closed down with prior intimation. This Site assumes no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store, inaccuracy in transmission and receipt of any messages and other communications or other information maintained or transmitted.

Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
--------------------------------------

All the contents of this Site are only for general information or use. They do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making (or refraining from making) any decision. Any specific advice or replies to queries in any part of the Site is/are the personal opinion of such experts/consultants/persons and are not subscribed to by this Site.The information from or through this site is provided on "AS IS " basis , and all warranties , expressed or implied of any kind, regarding any matter pertaining to any goods , service or channel, including without limitation , the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement are disclaimed and excluded. Malayala Manorama Co Ltd and its parent, affiliates and associates shall not be liable, at any time for damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business projects, or loss of profits) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site, or any of its contents, or from any action taken (or refrained from being taken) as a result of using the Site or any such contents or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the site. No representations, warranties or guarantees whatsoever are made as to the accuracy, adequacy, reliability, completeness, suitability or applicability of the information to a particular situation. Certain links on the Site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom Manorama has no control or connection , business or otherwise . These sites are external to Manorama and by visiting these , you are outside the Manorama website and its channels. Manorama neither endorses in any way nor offers any judgement or warranty and accepts no responsibility or liability for the authenticity , availability of any of the goods or services or for any damage , loss or harm , direct or consequential or any violation of local or international laws that may be incurred by your visiting and transacting on these sites.

Advertising Disclaimer
----------------------

The ManoramaOnline websites & Mobile Apps contain advertising information’s or promotions, other materials or links to third party sites submitted to Manorama by third parties. Manoramaonline does not in any manner whatsoever authenticate, endorse, verify or certify these third party websites or any contents therein. ManoramaOnline does not make any representations as to the accuracy or suitability of any of the information contained in those advertisements or sites and does not accept any responsibility or liability for the conduct or content of those advertisement and sites and the offering made by the third parties. ManoramaOnline takes no responsibility for the content of the ads, offers, promises made, or the quality/reliability of the products or services offered in all advertisement including without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein. Third Party websites to which links are given on website/App are not governed by these terms and conditions and all such third party websites are governed by their own terms and conditions for use.

Material Submitted by Users
---------------------------

Certain elements of The Site will contain material submitted by users. Manorama accepts no responsibility for the content, accuracy, conformity to applicable laws of such material.

Data Protection
---------------

Manorama may send information and offers of products and services to you from time to time. For further details relating to our policy relating to such offer please refer to our privacy statement.

Redressal Mechanism
-------------------

Any complaints, abuse or concerns with regard to the use, processing and disclosure of the information provided by you or breach of this terms should immediately be informed to the Grievance Officer identified below at the email id specified therein : Name of the Grievance Officer : Renjith N Email id of the Grievance officer : compliance@mm.co.in We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint – (i) Name of the Complainant with complete postal address with pin code, telephone and email address. (ii) Nature of grievance with clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information. (iii) Title of the news report, article or content including identification of the information provided by you with date of the article or link. (iv) A statement that whatever information’s and documents (if any) submitted along with the complaint are true, compete and current in all respect and that nothing submitted therein is incorrect or misleading. We may reach out to you to confirm or discuss certain details about your complaint and issue raised. We shall not be responsible for communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person.

Force Majeure
-------------

Manorama shall have no liability to you for any interruption or delay in access to the Site irrespective of the cause.

Indian Law
----------

The Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of India . The Courts of law at Cochin shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this agreement.

Entire Agreement
----------------

These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. If you have any queries about these terms of use, the site or the services you may contact us at customersupport@mm.co.in

Additional Terms of Use for Paid Subscribers
--------------------------------------------

By accessing the website at www.manoramaonline.com ("the Site") or by accessing any content found on the website of The Malayala Manorama Co Private Limited (“MMCL”), you are entering into an agreement with MMCL and agree to the terms that follow ("Terms"). You further undertake that you shall also abide by the Terms of Use appearing at manoramaonline.com. Please review our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we use any information you provide about yourself.

Subscription Fee
----------------

The price list of our print publications/e-paper/e-magazine (”Product”) will is displayed on our subscription page. MMCL offers Subscriber various types of Subscription pack(s) to choose i.e. monthly, half yearly or annual subscription. All prices quoted are in Indian Rupees and USD for Digital publications foreign purchases, unless explicitly stated otherwise. Subscription package and price may vary from country to country and from time to time as per the discretion of MMCL. Please read the description of the Product carefully before proceeding with the payment. You hereby agree that for subscribing to your preferred Product, you are required to pay the requisite subscription fee in advance to MMCL as per the subscription plan selected by you (“Subscription Fee”) as displayed at the time you purchase any one of our subscription pack(s). The Subscription Fee shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes. MMCL enables you to pay the subscription fee either through net banking / UPI / credit card / debit card using the associated payment gateway. Upon payment of Subscription Fee, MMCL provides access to the contents of the subscribed publication over the Internet through mobile phones, computers and other devices or print copies by home delivery system.

Payment Gateways are managed by third party providers and you are required to follow all the Terms of Use of the associated third party payment gateway provider. If you opt to be a paid subscriber, our payment gateway partners collect information with respect to Your bank account or credit / debit card. This information is stored by our payment gateway partners. Such payment gateway partners are not controlled by us. When you visit such payment gateways you do so at your own risk. These payment gateways may have their own privacy policies in place, which we recommend that You to review if You visit any such payment gateways. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for associated payment gateways, their content and their privacy practices, nor do we endorse them.

You are responsible for the accuracy and authenticity of the information provided by you while making the payment, including the bank account number / credit card / debit card details and the like. You agree and acknowledge that MMCL shall not be liable and in no way be held responsible for any losses whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential, including without limitation any losses due to delay in processing of the payment instruction or any credit / debit card fraud. In suspicious circumstances we may contact the issuing bank/payment provider and/or law enforcement authorities.

We shall endeavor to activate your subscription promptly but MMCL does not guarantee that your subscription will be activated at any specified time. You are aware that by making a payment you are making us an offer to buy the Product. Your offer will only be accepted by us and a contract formed when we have successfully verified your payment details and email address, at which point we will provide you the requisite details with which to access your subscription. We would like to inform you that payment will normally reach our bank account within two working days. We reserve the unfettered right to reject any offer made by its Users, at our discretion, for any or no reason. If we do not receive payment authorization or any authorization is subsequently canceled, we may immediately terminate or suspend your access to your subscription or your entire access to the site or product.

MMCL cannot accept liability for a payment not reaching MMCL’s account due to the Subscriber quoting an incorrect account number or incorrect personal details or for any other fault. MMCL shall not accept liability if payment is refused or declined by the payment gateway / net banking system / credit/debit card supplier for any reason. If the credit/debit card supplier declines payment MMCL is under no obligation to bring this fact to the Users/Subscriber’s notice. It is the User/Subscriber’s responsibility to check with the bank/credit/debit card supplier whether the payment that has been deducted from user account has reached account of MMCL.

You hereby agree and acknowledge that the content available on the Site may become subject to technical glitches and/or errors including but not limited to the price list, subscription details etc. If we incorrectly or due to a technical glitch or error state a price to you whether online or otherwise, we are not obliged to provide you with a subscription at that price, even if we have mistakenly accepted your offer to buy a subscription at that price, and we reserve the right to subsequently notify you of any pricing error. If we do this, you may cancel the subscription based Service without any obligation to us and we will refund you any money you have paid us in full, or you may pay the correct price. If you refuse to exercise either of these choices, then we may cancel your access to our Product and will refund you the money you have paid to us in full without interest. MMCL always endeavor to act in good faith in determining whether a genuine pricing error has occurred or not.

By Using the Website, you agree to receive certain specific email from the Company relating to your membership or any alerts of any activity on the site or content promotion on the site. Should you not want to receive such e-mail, you may at any time cancel your subscription to such e-mails by sending a mail with the request for the same to customersupport@mm.co.in. You hereby confirm that as on the date of your registration with the Website, you have not registered yourselves on the Do Not Disturb (DND) subscriber list with any telecom operator/authority. In the event, you register yourselves as a Do Not Disturb (DND) subscriber; you hereby confirm that you do not have any objection to receiving messages (promotional or otherwise) from the Company or any of its affiliate companies.

You understand that Subscription fee once paid is non-refundable. Further, after activating a subscription pack, if you later request MMCL to change your subscription, you agree to pay the new pack price set out in your change confirmation request.

The subscribed services will be automatically terminated once the subscription period is over and Subscription fee for renewal is not paid by you in advance. We reserve the right to change or terminate any offered subscription or promotions any time.

  

Contact us  
In case you come across any technical issues in the activation of your subscription, you may contact us at Email:subscription@mm.co.in phone - 0481-2587602/603 (9am - 6pm IST, except. holidays)