Close Tab

Privacy Policy - EvidenceBased.net/AcademicHealthScience.net
============================================================

Last updated: October 14, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Usage Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
==============================

Interpretation
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
-----------

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to EvidenceBased.net/AcademicHealthScience.net.
    
* **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
    
* **Country** refers to: New South Wales, Australia
    
* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    
* **Service** refers to the Website.
    
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    
* **Website** refers to EvidenceBased.net/AcademicHealthScience.net and all EvidenceBased.net/AcademicHealthScience.net subdomains, accessible from [https:\\\\evidencebased.net](https://evidencebased.net/) and relevant EvidenceBased.net subdomains (Ex. [https:\\\\www.evidencebased.net](https://www.evidencebased.net/) [https:\\\\Solutions.evidencebased.net](https://solutions.evidencebased.net/) etc.) or [https:\\\\AcademicHealthScience.net](https://solutions.evidencebased.net/ccml.html)
    
* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
=======================================

Types of Data Collected
-----------------------

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We do not ask You to provide Us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You as a person. However, we do automatically collect Usage Data:

* Usage Data

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

Use of Your Usage Data
----------------------

The Company may use Usage Data for the following purposes:

* **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
    
* **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Usage Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
    
* **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
    
* **For other purposes**: We may use Usage Data for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
    

We may share Usage Data in the following situations:

* **With Service Providers:** We may share usage information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
* **With Affiliates:** We may share Usage Data with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.

Retention of Usage Data
-----------------------

The Company will retain Usage Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Usage Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Transfer of Usage Data
----------------------

Information, including Usage Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Usage Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Usage Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of the data and other personal information.

Disclosure of Usage Data
------------------------

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Usage Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

Security of Usage Data
----------------------

The security of Usage Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Usage Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy
==================

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Usage Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Usage Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Usage Data and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites
=======================

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
==============================

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
==========

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* By visiting this page on our website: [admin@EvidenceBased.net](https://www.evidencebased.net/admin@EvidenceBased.net)

Close Tab