Terms of Use
------------

* [Simplifi Terms of Use](https://www.quicken.com/simplifi/terms/?embed=1)
* [Quicken Classic Terms of Use](https://www.quicken.com/terms-of-use)
* [Bill Manager Terms & Conditions](https://www.quicken.com/terms-of-use/bill-manager)
* [Quicken Estate Manager Terms of Use](https://www.quicken.com/terms-of-use/estate-manager)

**October 16, 2023** 

Welcome! These are the **_Quicken Terms of Use_** (or "**_Terms_**") between you (referred to below as "**_you_**," "**_your_**," "**_user_**," or "**_member_**") and Quicken Inc. (referred to below as "**_Quicken_**," "**_we_**," "**_us_**," and "**_our_**"). These Terms apply to your use of the Products and Services (described below in the Quicken Membership Agreement), and when you visit any Quicken website. 

These Terms consists of five parts: 

* The **_Website Terms of Use_**, applicable to [quicken.com](https://www.quicken.com/) for U.S. users and [quicken.com/canada/](https://www.quicken.com/canada/) for Canada users. The Website Terms of Use are in part I, below. 

* The **_Quicken Membership Agreement_** in part II, below. 
* The **_Quicken Classic Bill Manager Terms of Use_**, available at [quicken.com/terms-of-use/bill-manager,](http://quicken.com/terms-of-use/bill-manager) is applicable to U.S. users who use Quicken Bill Manager. 
* The **_Quicken Credit Score and Monitoring Terms of Use_**, available at [quicken.com/credit-score-terms-of-service](https://www.quicken.com/credit-score-terms-of-service) is applicable to U.S. users who use Quicken Credit Score.  
* The **_Quicken Privacy Policy_**, available at [quicken.com/privacy](https://www.quicken.com/privacy), which consists of separate Privacy Statements for U.S. and Canada users. You agree that we may collect and use your data (including personal information) according to the Quicken Privacy Policy, which may be updated by Quicken from time to time.  

You agree to the terms in these documents when you sign in, activate, or use the Products and Services, when you visit any Quicken website, or when you take any other action that indicates your agreement. If you do not agree with these Terms, please stop using the Products and Services, and refrain from using any Quicken website. If you have an active Membership that is less than 30 days old, you may be eligible for a refund. All refunds are subject to the section below entitled "Satisfaction Commitment." 

There may be additional terms that apply in some cases. For example, if you make a purchase, you may be asked to agree to payment terms, or if you choose to use a feature offered by a third party, you may be asked to agree to terms required by the third party. You will generally be notified and asked to agree to these additional terms at the time of the transaction. 

**I. Website Terms of Use** 

These **_Website Terms of Use_** (or "**_Website Terms_**"), together with the Quicken Privacy Policy, govern your use of our site(s). We may change these Website Terms from time to time. You accept these Website Terms when accessing any Quicken site or affiliated site, or when you use any apps or mobile services (collectively the "**_Site_**"). If you do not agree with these Website Terms you may not use the Site. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, or otherwise alter these Website Terms at any time by posting the new Website Terms. Your continued use of the Site means you accept the new Website Terms. 

**License and Site Access.** We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site. No other rights are granted. Your right to use any apps may be subject to a separate license agreement. You may not download (other than page caching), copy, or modify any portion of the Site unless we give consent in writing. The following things are all prohibited: (a) resale or transfer or commercial use of the Site or its contents, (b) any derivative use of this Site or its contents, or (c) any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools or processes. You agree not to store, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, or sell or otherwise exploit, any of the content on this Site for any commercial purpose. By using the Site, you warrant that you will not use the Site, or any of the content obtained from the Site, for any unlawful or prohibited purpose. We do not grant any license or other authorization to any trademarks, service marks, copyrightable material, or other intellectual property, whether or not registered or identified as such. You may not remove or modify any copyright or proprietary notices. If you violate any of these Website Terms, your permission to use the Site automatically terminates. 

**Electronic Communications.** When you visit the Site, send us email, or provide Feedback (as defined in the Quicken Membership Agreement), you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that a communication be in writing. 

**Conduct.** You agree that you will not do any of the following: 

* Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site. 
* Post or transmit any unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, threatening, abusive, hateful, offensive, or otherwise objectionable information of any kind, including without limitation content that promotes or would result in criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any local, state, national or foreign law, including without limitation the U.S. export control laws and regulations. You will not post or transmit any content (whether to the Site or in a Product or Service) that would impersonate someone else or falsely represent your identity or qualifications, or that would cause a breach of any individual's privacy. 
* Post or transmit (whether to the Site or in a Product or Service) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, investment opportunities, other schemes, or any unsolicited commercial communication. You agree not to engage in spamming or flooding. 
* Post or transmit (whether to the Site or in a Product or Service) any information or software which contains a virus, Trojan horse, worm or other harmful component. 

* Post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute, or in any way exploit (a) any information, software or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes, or (b) any information, software, or other material which is protected by copyright or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without obtaining permission of the copyright owner or right holder. 

**Site Monitoring.** We have no obligation to monitor the Site. However, you acknowledge and agree that we have the right to monitor the Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request; to operate the Site or Services properly; or to protect us or our subscribers. We reserve the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in our sole discretion are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate, or in violation of these Website Terms. 

**Feedback.** We may provide you with a mechanism to provide **_Feedback_**, as defined in the Quicken Membership Agreement, in connection with the Site or other Quicken-related community websites or blogs. You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide in any way, including in future modifications of the Site, multimedia works, advertising and promotional materials, or development of Products and Services. You agree not to submit any Feedback that you do not have rights in, such as copyrighted material belonging to a third a party. You hereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback and any derivations in any manner and for any purpose, and you hereby waive all of your moral rights in your Feedback in favor of us, our Suppliers, and our affiliates. 

**Third-Party Products and Services.** In connection with your use of the Site, you may be made aware of Products, Services, or other offers and promotions from third parties. You are responsible for reviewing and understanding the terms and conditions governing any such third-party offerings. You agree that the third party, and not Quicken, shall be solely responsible for all such Products, Services, offers, and promotions. Additional terms regarding Third-Party Products and Services are contained in these Terms. 

**Community Forums.** We may include a community forum or other social features to permit members to share Content (as defined in the Quicken Membership Agreement) and information. We do not monitor and are not responsible for the content in these community forums. Please use respect when you interact with other users. Additional terms may apply. 

**Investment Data.** The Site may offer stock and mutual fund price quotes, news stories, and other data for your convenience. Quotes and news stories accessed within a trading day may be delayed at least 20 minutes. Market quotes and certain other information on the Site, as well as reference materials or links to other sites, are for general informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice. You acknowledge and agree that you bear responsibility for your own investment research and investment decisions, and prior to the execution of a securities trade you should always consult with your broker or other financial representative to verify securities pricing information. Neither Quicken nor any of its data or content providers guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of information on the Site, and they are not liable for any errors or delays in the content or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. 

**Disclaimer of Warranties.** YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING ANY APPLETS, SOFTWARE, AND CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS, AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL GUARANTEES AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE SITE AND RELATED MATERIALS INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE, REGARDLESS OF WHO ORIGINATES THAT CONTENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE IS SECURE OR FREE FROM BUGS, VIRUSES, INTERRUPTION, ERRORS, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOU UNDERSTAND AND EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOU BEAR ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING OR RELYING ON ANY SITE CONTENT. WE ARE NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONTENT POSTED ON OR LINKED FROM THE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT, OR FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT. 

**Limitation of Liability.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR FOR DAMAGES RELATING TO TELECOMMUNICATION FAILURES OR LOSS, CORRUPTION, FAILURE OF SECURITY OR THEFT OF DATA, VIRUSES, SPYWARE, OR THE LIKE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE OR OUR SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. IN ADDITION, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF QUICKEN AND ITS SUPPLIERS FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO QUICKEN FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO SUCH CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN QUICKEN AND YOU. QUICKEN WOULD NOT HAVE PROVIDED THE SERVICE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. 

**Termination and Amendment.** Your privilege to use or access the Site may be terminated immediately and without notice if you fail to comply with any term or condition of the Website Terms. Upon such termination, you must immediately cease accessing or using the Site and agree not to re-register or otherwise make use of the Site. Furthermore, you acknowledge that we reserve the right to take action — technical, legal, or otherwise — to block, nullify, or deny your ability to access the Site. You understand that we may exercise this right in our sole discretion. 

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, at any time and from time to time to change, modify, or discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, the Site (or any part thereof). We shall not be liable to you or other third party for any such modification, suspension, or discontinuance except as expressly provided herein. 

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates and Suppliers harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use of the Site or the placement or transmission of any message, information, software, or other materials through the Site by you or users of your account, or related to any violation of these Website Terms by you or users of your account. 

**Miscellaneous.** These Website Terms are a complete statement of the agreement between you and us and our Suppliers and set forth the entire liability of us and our Suppliers and your exclusive remedy with respect to your access and use of the Site. In the event of a conflict between these Website Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, the Privacy Policy shall prevail as to matters specifically stated therein. Our Suppliers, agents, distributors, dealers, and employees are not authorized to make any representations, commitments, or warranties different from stated here. If any provision of these Website Terms is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then it shall be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. For users other than Canada residents, the Website Terms will be governed by California law as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California, without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles that would require application of law of a different jurisdiction, and applicable federal law. For Canada residents, the Website Terms will be governed by, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. The section below in the Membership Agreement entitled "Governing Law; Dispute Resolution" or, for Canada users, the section below entitled "Governing Law and Jurisdiction", shall apply to any dispute whether in contract, tort, or otherwise arising from or in any way related to the Website Terms, regardless of membership status. These Website Terms do not limit any rights that we may have under trade secret, copyright, patent or other laws. 

**II. Quicken Membership Agreement** 

This **_Quicken Membership Agreement_** (also referred to here as "**_Membership Agreement_**" or "**_Agreement_**") applies to your use of **_Products_** and **_Services_**. The term "**_Product_**" includes any Quicken branded software that we offer, as well as any related Products such as third-party software or apps that we make available to members. The term "**_Services_**" includes other functionality such as the ability to download data from third parties or the ability to pay bills from within a Product. In some cases, a third-party **_Supplier_** (such as a vendor) that is working on our behalf or other third party may provide Products or Services. The terms Product and Services do not apply to Quicken Simplifi or Estate Manager branded products and services which have their own Terms of Use which can be found [here](https://www.quicken.com/simplifi/terms/).  

**The Membership Term.** The **_Membership Term_** is the amount of time for which you have full rights to use the Products and Services. The Membership Term is generally one (1) year, but we may sometimes offer trial Memberships of shorter duration. If you purchase your Membership directly from Quicken at Quicken.com, your Membership term starts at the time of purchase. For retail sales of a physical package (either through an online seller or in a physical store), or for retail sales via digital download other than on Quicken.com, the Membership Term begins at Product activation. At the end of the Membership Term some features and functionality of our Products and Services will no longer be available to you. However, you will still have access to your data and limited Product functionality as defined under the **_Quicken Data Access Guarantee_** (below). 

**Your Right to Use Products and Services.** Your **_Membership_** gives you the right to use Products and Services. The exact combination of Products and Services that you may use will depend upon which Membership plan and platform you choose. Some plans or platforms may offer different functionality than other plans or platforms. The specific features, functionality, or capabilities of any Membership plan may be added to, altered, or removed at any time in response to customer Feedback, business or technology changes, market conditions, and the like. More information on the features available for each Membership plan is available at [quicken.com/compare](https://www.quicken.com/compare). 

You acknowledge that the Products and Services are licensed and not sold. So long as you comply with the terms of this Membership Agreement and any other applicable terms and conditions, you are granted a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Products and Services during the Membership Term. 

When you use the Products or Services you agree to the [Quicken Inc. Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.quicken.com/simplifi/terms/acceptable-use), the [Quicken Inc. E-Sign Act Policy Notice and Consent](https://www.quicken.com/simplifi/terms/esign), and to:  

* **Provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form.** You must maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse access to the Products or Services. 
* **Create, manage, and keep your Quicken log-in** **_Credentials_** **(username and password) secure.** You must follow any password security guidelines that we establish. You agree that you are solely responsible for keeping your Quicken Credentials safe and secure, and preventing unauthorized access to your Credentials and your Quicken account. It is assumed that any communications received through use of your Quicken Credentials were sent or authorized by you. If your Credentials are compromised for any reason, you must change your password. In addition, you must notify us if you become aware of any unauthorized access to your account. YOU AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SECURITY OF YOUR CREDENTIALS. 

* **Create, manage, and keep your third-party log-in _Credentials_ (username and password) secure.** In the case of Third-Party Products and Services as defined below, you must comply with all Credentials requirements set by such third parties, and any password you use with such third parties should be different from your Quicken password. You agree that you are solely responsible for keeping your third-party Credentials safe and secure, and preventing unauthorized access to your account. We cannot assist you with Credentials support for Third-Party Products and Services; you must contact the relevant third parties directly. We and our Suppliers may deny access to the Products or Services (or any part thereof) if we believe that any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Credentials has occurred. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SECURITY OF YOUR THIRD-PARTY CREDENTIALS. 
* **Keep backup copies of all of your _Content_. "_Content_**" means (a) any data or information that you enter or store in connection with a Product, (b) any data or information that you upload to, download from, send or receive, or enter in connection with a Service, or (c) any data or information that is obtained from these things (such as calculations, reports, and files that you create using our software). In some cases, we or our Suppliers may provide data storage or processing capabilities. NEVERTHELESS, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER WE NOR OUR SUPPLIERS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OF CONTENT THAT COULD HAVE BEEN AVOIDED IF YOU HAD MAINTAINED FULL BACKUP COPIES OF ALL CONTENT AT ALL TIMES. 
* **Prevent unauthorized access to your account(s).** You must contact us immediately if you become aware that a third party has accessed any account that you maintain using a Product or Service. NEITHER WE NOR OUR SUPPLIERS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS THAT OCCURS AS A RESULT OF FAILURE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR CREDENTIALS OR FOLLOW ANY OTHER REQUIREMENTS IN THIS AGREEMENT. 
* **Allow us or our Suppliers to store and process your Content.** In order to provide full Product and Service functionality, we must have access to the Content that you store or process using a Product or Service. You grant us, our Suppliers, and each of our affiliates permission to collect, send, receive, process, store, alter, and create new information based on your Content, Credentials, and other information. You further grant us and our Suppliers permission to use information about you and your experience to provide the Products and Services, or to enhance the Products and Services. In addition, you agree that we, or our Suppliers (when working on our behalf), or the **_Third-Party Products and Services_** as defined below, may (but are not obligated to) monitor your Content and record your transactions and actions while using our Products & Services. You agree that we may disclose any information that we obtain in this manner if necessary to satisfy our legal obligations, to protect us, or to prevent harm or fraud against customers or third parties. We or our Suppliers may, in our sole discretion, refuse to process, remove, or refuse to allow any Content that we think is illegal, inappropriate, or in violation of this Quicken Membership Agreement or other applicable terms. You hereby waive any of your moral rights in any of your Content, Credentials, and other information in favor of us, our Suppliers and each of our affiliates. 
* **Accept updates and permit the Products and Services to communicate with us and our Suppliers.** The Products and Services may be periodically updated or changed for a variety of reasons (including security). Many of these updates will be invisible to you, but some may require some action on your part. Updates may add, remove, or alter Product and Service functionality or features, support for third-party platforms, or operating systems. You agree to receive these updates and take any actions that are required to continue to use the Products and Services. 

**Things You May Not Do.** You agree that you will not do any of the following: 

* Use, nor permit any third party to use, the Product or Services in a manner that violates any law, regulation, this Quicken Membership Agreement, or any other applicable terms and conditions. You will not remove or modify any copyright or proprietary notices. 
* Give, sell, loan, or distribute the Products or Services to any third party, or attempt to transfer your license to any other party. You will not attempt or help anybody else to gain unauthorized access to the Products and Services or related systems. 
* Reproduce, duplicate, modify, copy, deconstruct, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or prepare derivative works based on the Products or Services. You may make a reasonable number of backup copies. You may not develop software or apps to interface with the Products and Services without contacting us first. 
* Permit any third party to benefit from the use or functionality of the Products or Services via a rental, lease, timesharing, service bureau, hosting service, or other arrangement, or offer them on any file-sharing or application hosting service. 

**You Are Responsible for Your Content.** Neither we nor our Suppliers assume any responsibility or liability for any aspect of your Content. You agree that you will not upload, process, share, or link to any of the following: 

* Content that is illegal, fraudulent, inappropriate, or objectionable, or that creates criminal or civil liability under any law. 
* A virus, Trojan horse, worm, or other disruptive or harmful software or data. You are responsible for periodically checking your Content and other data (including any Content or data that have been uploaded, downloaded, sent to, or received from Third-Party Products and Services) for such items. 
* Any information, software, or Content which is not legally yours without permission from the copyright owner or intellectual property rights owner. 

**Quicken Has Certain Rights, Including the Right to Make Changes.** The Products and Services are protected by copyright, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws. You are only granted the limited license described in this Agreement. We and our Suppliers reserve all other rights not specifically granted to you. This includes all ownership and license rights relating to a Product or Service. 

We reserve the right to change this Agreement at any time, and the changes will be effective when posted on our website or when we notify you by other means. Your continued use of a Product or Service following notice indicates your agreement to the changes. 

**We May Communicate with You.** You agree that we may use information obtained in connection with the Products and Services to communicate with you. If you provide a mobile number, we may communicate by voice or text messages to that number, and you are responsible for all charges incurred. You grant us and our Suppliers permission to use information about you and your experience to help us to provide the Products and Services, or to enhance the Products and Services. 

There may be times that we contact you to promote other services, products, or promotions offered by us or a Supplier. All such communications will comply with the Quicken Privacy Policy and with applicable law. You will be given a chance to opt out of promotional communications from us. 

Even if you opt out of promotional communications you will still receive required information about your account (such as transaction or account status information), communication you explicitly or implicitly opted to receive in the course of using the Product or Service (such as data based notifications or alerts sent via email or mobile devices), or other non-promotional communications delivered via email or in the Products (such as notifications of critical updates or usage reminders or help content). 

In some cases we are required by law to send you certain communications. You agree that we may use any method that we consider reasonable to send you these communications. If legally permitted, we may send such communications by email, via Product- or Service-wide message, or by posting on our website. 

**Feedback and Your Communications to Us.** You may be able to contact us to provide feedback, suggestions, ideas, or opinions (collectively "**_Feedback_**"). You agree that if you submit Feedback or other ideas of any type, Quicken may use them in any way, without compensating you, including in future modifications of Products and Services, in other Products or Services, in advertising or marketing materials, or in any other way we choose. You grant us a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use these items in any way and without prior approval, and you hereby waive all of your moral rights in your Feedback in favor of us, our Suppliers, and our affiliates. 

**We Do Not Provide Professional Advice.** We never give legal, financial, accounting, tax, investment, healthcare, real estate, or other professional services or advice. In some cases we or a Supplier may make available prefilled forms or documents or other information as part of a Product or Service. These may include items such as IRS schedules, legal form agreements or other documents, real estate information (such as pricing), and financial market information. You agree that these things are provided solely as a convenience and for informational purposes. Regardless of how these items are described at the time they are offered, you agree to seek the services of a competent professional when you need this type of help, and you will not rely on these items in any material transaction or decision. 

**Third-Party Products and Services.** Some Products and Services have functionality that is provided by third parties (including our Suppliers in some cases). In some cases, Products and Services are provided by third parties entirely. All of these things are called **_Third-Party Products_** or **_Third-Party Services_**, or **_Third-Party Products and Services_** collectively. Third-Party Products and Services include things like (a) online payments services, (b) data downloaded from financial institutions for you to process within Products, (c) credit reporting or monitoring, (d) billing functionality, (e) data storage and management, (f) information services, (g) financial offerings, and (h) third-party forms and publications. Other Third-Party Products and Services may be added in the future. 

The following provisions apply to your use of Third-Party Products and Services: 

* **You must accept and comply with any applicable terms and conditions.** You may be required to accept different or additional terms and conditions from our Suppliers and third-party providers, even where the Products or Services are delivered to you via the interface with our Products. These different terms and conditions may include privacy, use of data or Content, storage limits, or payment (all such terms collectively the "**_Third-Party Terms_**"). You agree to comply with all Third-Party Terms and any requirements imposed by third-party providers (including our Suppliers). Third-Party Terms may be updated without notice from time to time, and you agree to check periodically to be sure you have reviewed (and are in compliance with) any updates. 

* **You may be required to create additional Credentials, and you give us permission to store, use, and share them if necessary to provide Services that you select.** You agree to create additional Credentials if required to use Third-Party Products and Services, and to manage them according to our requirements and the Third-Party Terms. You must contact the Supplier or third-party provider if there are any issues; this is something we do not control. If you access Third-Party Products or Services from within our Products or Services, then you grant us permission to store your Credentials for the Third-Party Products and Services, and you expressly appoint us as your attorney-in-fact and agent with limited power of attorney and with all necessary rights to use your Credentials on your behalf and to collect, send, receive, retrieve, process, store, and create new Content and other information from these Products and Services. You agree to let us interact with Third-Party Products and Services for you. 
* **We may add or remove Third-Party Products and Services at our discretion.** You are generally not required to accept Third-Party Products and Service, but you may only choose from available offerings. These offerings may change from time to time as we identify new Third-Party Products and Services that we think you may like, or as we determine that older ones are no longer useful. 
* **The data contained in Third-Party Products and Services may not always be up to date.** In some cases, this data is updated nightly, in other cases only upon request, and in some cases only on a monthly basis, or even less frequently. The latest data may not always be reflected in the Products and Services. You agree that in cases of important data, or where you require the most up-to-date information (such as financial transactions other important decisions), you will go to the provider of the information directly. If you note a discrepancy between data viewed via our Products and Services, the Third-Party Products and Services, or the source of the data, please check with the source. We do not monitor and have no obligation to monitor any of your Content or other data that is stored or processed via any Third-Party Products and Services. 
* **You are responsible for your relationship with third parties.** If you decide to use or access any Third-Party Products and Services, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) you are responsible for your relationship with the Third-Party Products and Service provider, (b) unless we notify you otherwise, you are solely responsible for payment of any applicable charges or fees, and (c) you will not use the Third-Party Products and Services in a manner that infringes or violates the rights of us or any other third party, or for any criminal, fraudulent, or other unlawful activity. Except for Third-Party Products and Services that we offer to you directly as part of our Products and Services, we are not affiliated with and do not control any Third-Party Products and Services. In no case do we endorse any Third-Party Products and Services. If you choose to send your Content or other data from within our Products and Services to the providers of Third-Party Products and Services, such data may be transferred to another country where privacy and security controls are less strict. We do not assure the safety or security of any such Content or other data. 
* **To the maximum allowable extent, we are not responsible for Third-Party Products and Services.** YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN WE OR OUR SUPPLIERS ACCESS AND RETRIEVE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND CONTENT FROM PROVIDERS OF THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WE ARE ACTING AS YOUR AGENT, AND NOT AS THE AGENT OF THE PROVIDER. NEITHER WE NOR OUR SUPPLIERS REVIEW, AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, THE ACCURACY OF ANY DATA YOU RECEIVE FROM THE PROVIDERS. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE QUALITY OF THE THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, OR ANY DATA CONTAINED OR PROCESSED THEREIN. YOU AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (IF ANY) IS SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE PROVIDERS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE OR OUR SUPPLIERS OR ANY OF OUR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY FEES, DAMAGES, CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. IN NO CASE WILL YOU SEEK TO HOLD US OR OUR SUPPLIERS OR ANY OF OUR LICENSORS RESPONSIBLE IN ANY MANNER FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF SUCH PROVIDERS, EVEN IF NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONALLY WRONGFUL. 

**Links to Third-Party Sites and Information.** We may sometimes link to third-party sites, which may include social media platforms. All such links are provided solely as a convenience, and do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of any kind. We assume no liability in connection with your use of any such sites. Any Content you post or data that you upload is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those sites and platforms. Please refer to those sites to better understand your rights and obligations. 

**Payments and Subscriptions.** For users other than Canada residents, payments will be billed to you in U.S. dollars, and your account will be debited when you provide your payment information, unless stated otherwise at the time of purchase. You must pay via a method acceptable to us, which may include a valid credit or debit card, funds transferred via electronic debit from a checking or savings account, or another payment option offered at the time of purchase. If your payment or registration information is not accurate, current, and complete, we may suspend or terminate all licenses and refuse any further use of Products and Services. In cases where you authorize repeat billing, we may participate in programs supported by your card provider (such as updater services, recurring billing programs, etc.) to try to update your payment information, and you agree that we may continue billing your account with the updated information that we obtain. 

For recurring Memberships, upon the end of your Membership Term we may automatically renew your periodic subscription at the then-current rates, unless you or we terminate this Agreement. If we are unable to charge your card, we may attempt to bill your card again until successful. 

Additional payment terms may be provided to you at the time of purchase. 

**Quicken Data Access Guarantee.** When your Membership ends certain features will no longer be available. These may include, without limitation, features such as download, data sync, mobile sync, quotes, and any other Products and Services that require online access or are provided by a third party (including our Suppliers). 

Our **_Data Access Guarantee_** ensures that you will always be able to have access to your transaction data even after your Membership ends. Using manual data entry, you will be able to add new transactions and accounts to your data files. You will also be able to access, view, and export your financial data.  

NOTE: THE DATA ACCESS GUARANTEE DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY DATA BACKUP OR STORAGE FEATURES. ALL DATA WILL RESIDE ON YOUR DEVICE. ANY DATA THAT YOU FAIL TO MANUALLY BACK UP MAY BE LOST AND UNRECOVERABLE. YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR MAINTAINING BACKUP COPIES OF ALL SUCH DATA FOLLOWING TERMINATION OF YOUR MEMBERSHIP. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ACCESS YOUR DATA IF YOUR VERSION OF QUICKEN IS NO LONGER COMPATIBLE WITH THE HARDWARE OR OPERATING SYSTEM OF THE DEVICE YOU USE TO OPERATE QUICKEN.   

NOTE: THE DATA ACCESS GUARANTEE APPLIES TO DELUXE AND HIGHER VERSIONS OF QUICKEN; THE STARTER VERSION WILL BECOME READ-ONLY. 

**Satisfaction Commitment.** If you are not satisfied with your Membership, you may uninstall and delete all copies of any software and contact us for a refund. Information on how to request a refund is available at [quicken.com/refund](https://www.quicken.com/refund). 

**Discontinuation Policy and Termination of Support.** You agree that there may be times when we discontinue a Product or Service, in whole or in part. Access and use of Products and Services are in all cases subject to our discontinuation policy, available at [quicken.com/discontinuation](https://www.quicken.com/discontinuation). To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, we and our Suppliers reserve the right to discontinue all support for Products and Services, any of their discrete features, or any other features, at any time and for any reason. 

**DISCLAIMER.** YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. EXCEPT AS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, SUBCONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS, OR SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY "SUPPLIERS") DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARE FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; ALL WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, DATA LOSS, OR NON-INTERFERENCE WITH OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; AND ANY GUARANTEE OF THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, OR CONTENT IN OR LINKED TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THE COMPREHENSIVENESS, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, LEGALITY, OR ACCURACY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, OR THAT THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARE SECURE OR FREE FROM BUGS, VIRUSES, INTERRUPTION, ERRORS, THEFT, OR DESTRUCTION OF YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. IF THE EXCLUSIONS FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO YOU, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OR DELIVERY OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, WHICHEVER IS SOONER. 

WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF OUR SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL SATISFY OR ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR LAWS OR REGULATIONS. 

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

**LIMIT OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF US, OUR AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF OUR SUPPLIERS FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO SUCH CLAIM. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF OUR SUPPLIERS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (B) DAMAGES RELATING TO FAILURES OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS, THE INTERNET, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, CORRUPTION, SECURITY, LOSS OR THEFT OF DATA, VIRUSES, OR SPYWARE; (C) LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS OR INVESTMENT; OR (D) USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WITH SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE THAT DOES NOT MEET OUR REQUIREMENTS. THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF US, OUR AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF OUR SUPPLIERS, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. 

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and each of our Suppliers harmless from any and all claims, liability and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of your use of the Products or Services or breach of this Agreement (collectively referred to as "Claims"). In addition, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates harmless from any and all Claims arising out of your use of Third-Party Products and Services. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion and at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims. You agree to reasonably cooperate as requested by us or our Suppliers in the defense of any Claims. 

**Governing Law; Dispute Resolution.** For users other than Canada residents, the law of the state of California governs this Quicken Membership Agreement. ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR ANY PART OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, EXCEPT THAT YOU MAY ASSERT CLAIMS IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT IF YOUR CLAIMS QUALIFY. THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT GOVERNS THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS PROVISION; THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY CALIFORNIA LAW TO ALL OTHER MATTERS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION MAY AT ANY TIME SEEK INJUNCTIONS OR OTHER FORMS OF EQUITABLE RELIEF FROM ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. YOU AGREE THAT YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT AND THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. IN ADDITION, YOU AND WE AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR LITIGATE ON A CLASS-WIDE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE EXPRESSLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVED THESE RIGHTS. 

To begin an arbitration proceeding, send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Quicken Inc., in care of our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 2710 Gateway Oaks Drive., Suite 150N, Sacramento, CA 95833. Arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) before a single AAA arbitrator under the AAA's rules, which are available at [https://www.adr.org/](https://www.adr.org/) or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and costs will be governed by the AAA's rules, but if you are unable to pay any of them, we will pay them for you for claims totaling less than $75,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. We and you will not seek its attorneys' fees or other costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that the claims or defenses of a party are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and not appealable, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This section shall survive expiration, termination or rescission of this Quicken Membership Agreement. 

**Termination.** You agree that we may immediately, in our sole discretion and without notice, terminate this Agreement or your use of the Products and Services if you fail to comply with this Agreement or if you no longer agree to receive electronic communications, or for any other reason. The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive and remain in effect even if the Agreement is terminated, cancelled or rescinded: grant of rights in your feedback and communications, limit of liability and indemnification, governing law and dispute resolution, export control, all provisions pertaining to your credentials and your content, all general provisions, and any other provisions which by their nature are intended to survive. 

**General Provisions.** This Agreement, including documents referenced herein (including the Website Terms, Bill Manager Terms of Use, Quicken Credit Score and Monitoring Services Terms of Use, and Quicken Privacy Policy), is the entire agreement between you and us and replaces all prior understandings, communications, and statements regarding its subject matter. If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid the remainder will be enforced to the maximum possible extent. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply. You cannot assign or transfer this Agreement without our written approval, but we may assign or transfer it without your consent to: (a) an affiliate, (b) another company through a sale of assets or ownership shares, or (c) a successor by merger, acquisition, or divestiture. 

**Export Control.** You acknowledge that the Quicken Inc. software (including any mobile or companion apps and the underlying software) is subject to restrictions and controls imposed by the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada) and regulations enacted under the Export and Import Permits Act, as well as U.S. export control regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce (15 C.F.R. Chapter VII). You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You will not export or re-export the software, or any portion thereof, directly or indirectly, in violation of the applicable Canadian and U.S. export administration laws and regulations to any country or end user who you know or have reason to know will utilize them in the design, development, or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. You further agree that the software may include technical data subject to such Canada and U.S. export regulations. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 

**SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CANADA USERS** 

In addition to the terms set forth above, the provisions of this section apply to the purchase of any Membership or Subscription and use of any Product or Service in Canada. 

When you license a Product or Service on a subscription basis (referred to as a "**_Paid Subscription_**"), the Product or Service becomes immediately available to you once your initial payment is processed. Your Paid Subscription will continue for a period specified at the time of order. The Paid Subscription is paid in full in advance and you will be charged the applicable subscription price stated at the time of purchase as one lump sum, plus applicable taxes. Payments will be billed to you in Canadian dollars. When you purchase a Paid Subscription, it will renew automatically at the end of the applicable subscription period, and we will bill you for an additional subscription term at the then-current price unless the Paid Subscription is cancelled or terminated under this Agreement. If you do not wish your Paid Subscription to auto-renew, you may opt out of auto-renewal at any time before the end of your current subscription period. If you cancel your Paid Subscription within 30 days of the start date of your initial subscription period, you will receive a full refund. If you cancel more than 30 days after the start date of your initial subscription period, you will not be entitled to a refund on any remaining portion of your Paid Subscription and will continue to have access to the Product or Service until the end of your contracted term. Cancellation can be requested at any time by visiting your My Account page or by contacting our Customer Service Centre at 1 (650) 250-1900. If you cancel your Paid Subscription and you later decide to re-subscribe, you will be charged the then-current subscription price. 

**Province-Specific Terms.** These terms apply only to consumers in the following province. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and this Section, the terms of this Section shall apply: 

Québec Consumers. If you are a Québec Consumer, the following terms apply to you: 

* **Disclaimer of Warranties.** The sole warranty applicable to this Agreement and the Products and Services is the mandatory legal warranty provided under the Civil Code of Québec and any warranty provided for under the Consumer Protection Act (Québec). Quicken does not represent that the Products or Services are appropriate or available for use in all countries. Quicken prohibits accessing materials from countries or states where contents are illegal. You are using the Products and Services on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. SOME PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE EXCLUSIONS IN THE "Disclaimer of Warranties" SECTION ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE WARRANTY PROVISION ABOVE GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM PROVINCE TO PROVINCE. 

**Modifications.** The provisions relating to the Services, the price and payment terms for the Services, the party providing the Services, renewal and termination rights, and any provision of the Privacy Policy may be modified or amended upon 30 days prior written notice setting out (i) the new clause or the amended clause and the clause as it read formerly, and (ii) the date of the coming into force of such modification or amendment. If we do not allow you to maintain this Agreement unamended, you will have the right to terminate this Agreement during the notice period. 

**Termination.** Termination of this Agreement by Quicken without default by you is only effective upon 60 days prior written notice. 

**Governing Law and Jurisdiction.** For Canada residents, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in Ontario without regard to their conflicts of laws provisions. To resolve any legal dispute whether in contract, tort, or otherwise arising from or in any way related to this Agreement, you and Quicken irrevocably agree to attorn and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Ontario courts situated in the City of Toronto and waive any objection to the venue of any proceeding in such court or that such court provides an inappropriate forum. Quicken does not represent that the Software is appropriate or available for use in all countries. Quicken prohibits accessing materials from countries or states where contents are illegal. You are using the Software on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. SOME PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE EXCLUSIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE WARRANTY PROVISION ABOVE GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM PROVINCE TO PROVINCE. 

**Language.** The parties hereby confirm that they have requested that this Agreement and all related documents be drafted in English. _Les parties ont exigé que le présent contrat et tous les documents connexes soient rédigés en anglais._ 

**Third-Party Notices** 

The following notices pertain to components that may be used in connection with the Products and Services (including Third-Party Products and Services): 

1. The Equifax® credit score is based on the VantageScore model. Third parties use many different types of credit scores and may use the VantageScore to assess your creditworthiness. 

2. Apple Requirements. If you downloaded the Software from the Mac App Store, the following terms also apply to you: 

1. Acknowledgement: You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quicken Inc. only, and not with Apple, and Quicken Inc., not Apple, is solely responsible for the Quicken software and the content thereof. 

2. Scope of License: The license granted to you for the software is a limited, non-transferable license to use the software on Mac product that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the terms of service applicable to the Mac App Store. 

3. Maintenance and Support: Quicken Inc., and not Apple, is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services, for which additional fees may apply, with respect to the Products and Services. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to any Quicken Inc. software. 

* Warranty: Quicken Inc. is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed. In the event of any failure of the software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the software to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Quicken Inc.'s sole responsibility. 

5. Product Claims: Quicken Inc., not Apple, is responsible for addressing any user or third-party claims relating to the software or the user's possession and/or use of the software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. 

6. Intellectual Property Rights: You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the software or your possession and use of the software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Quicken Inc., not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. 

7. Legal Compliance: You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 

8. Developer Contact Info: Direct any questions, complaints or claims to: Quicken Inc., 3760 Haven Ave, Menlo Park, CA 94025 or visit [quicken.com/contact-support](https://quicken.com/contact-support) to access Support. 

9. Third-Party Terms of Agreement: You must comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the software. 

10. Third-Party Beneficiary: You acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. 

3. Zestimate and Zillow content are © Zillow, Inc., 2006-2023 Use is subject to Terms of Use. 

4. iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. 

5. Other parties’ trademarks, logos, and brand names are the property of their respective owners. 

© 2023 Quicken Inc. All rights reserved. Quicken is a registered trademark of Rocket Mortgage, LLC, used under license.