[Skip to content](#content)

[ROMSPURE.CC](https://romspure.cc/)
-----------------------------------

* [Home](https://romspure.cc/)
* [HACK (MODS)](https://romspure.cc/hacks)
* [ROMS](https://romspure.cc/roms/)
* [Emulators](https://romspure.cc/emulators/)
* [Blog](https://romspure.cc/blog/)

* [Home](https://romspure.cc/ "Home")
* Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
==============

_ROMsPURE.COM (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy._

This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by ROMsPURE.COM. This Privacy Policy applies to our website, ROMsPURE.COM, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, ROMsPURE.COM. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

Meanings
--------

For this Privacy Policy:

* You is referred to the person who accessed the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
* Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to ,
* Website is referred to ROMsPURE.COM, accessible from ROMsPURE.COM
* Service is referred to the website.
* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* Third-party Social Media Service could be any website or social network website in which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* Cookies are a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you, similar to a preference file created by a software application.
* Device could be any device with internet who can access the service such as a mobile phone, a computer or a digital tablet.
* Usage Data it’s referred to the data that’s been collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself. For example, how many times the user accessed the website.

What Information Do We Collect?
-------------------------------

We collect information from you when you visit our website, register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.

* Email address
* Name / username
* Social media profile information

How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
-----------------------------------------

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

* To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
* To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
* To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
* To process transactions
* To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
* To send periodic emails

How Do We Use Your Email Address?
---------------------------------

By submitting your email address on this website, you agree to receive emails from us. You can cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. By submitting your email address, you also agree to allow us to use your email address for customer audience targeting on sites like Facebook, where we display custom advertising to specific people who have opted-in to receive communications from us. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If, however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of the purposes stated in this Policy. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
-------------------------------------

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide ROMsPURE.COM to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can’t identify you.

How Do We Protect Your Information?
-----------------------------------

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to ROMsPURE.COM or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

Governing Law
-------------

The laws of RU, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the website. Your use of the website may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

Your Consent
------------

By using our site, registering an account, or making a purchase, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

Links to Other Websites
-----------------------

Our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Advertising
-----------

Advertising keeps ROMsPURE.COM and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible.

Cookies for Advertising
-----------------------

Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s really hard for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.

Cookies
-------

ROMsPURE.COM uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.

Kids’ Privacy
-------------

We collect information from kids under the age of 13 just to better our services. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your permission, please Contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

Changes To Our Privacy Policy
-----------------------------

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

Third-Party Services
--------------------

We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services (“Third- Party Services”).

You acknowledge and agree that ROMsPURE.COM shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. ROMsPURE.COM does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.

Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties’ terms and conditions.

Contact Us
----------

Don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

* _Via Email: **admin\[@\]romspure.cc**_

* [LiteAPKS – APK & Mod](https://liteapks.com/)
* [Modded-1 – Mod APK](https://modded-1.com/)
* [ROMS](https://romspure.cc/roms/)
* [Hack (Mods)](https://romspure.cc/hacks)
* [Emulators](https://romspure.cc/emulators/)
* [Blog](https://romspure.cc/blog/)
* [Privacy Policy](https://romspure.cc/privacy-policy/)
* [Disclaimer & DMCA](https://romspure.cc/disclaimer/)
* [Terms of Use](https://romspure.cc/terms-of-use/)
* [Contact](https://romspure.cc/contact/)

[ROMSPURE.CC](https://romspure.cc/)

Copyright © 2020 ROMSPURE – All rights reserved

[](https://facebook.com/)[](https://twitter.com/)[](https://pinterest.com/)

#### Enter the text of your complaints

 

Send

#### Result