\# SoberTool App Privacy Policy SoberTool is a free app that displays ads as well as a paid app without ads. \*\*The advertising services are not used on the paid version.\*\* This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. ## Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to a date of sobriety as well as the \*\*option\*\* to include a phone number for a sponsor/accountability partner, name of addiction, and daily amount spent on the addiction. The information that I request will be retained on your device only and is not collected by me in any way, and is only used to display information to you in order to help promote your sobriety. The app requests the permission to make \*\*phone calls\*\* on your behalf, this is intended to allow you to contact your sponsor/accountability partner if you feel like you may be relapsing. This permission is only requested if you provide a phone number for your sponsor/accountability partner. The app does use third party services, \*in order to display ads on the free version\*, that may collect information used to identify you. Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app: \* \[Google Play Services\](https://policies.google.com/privacy) \* \[AdMob\](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en) ### SoberTool Forum SoberTool's Forum is intended for people to ask questions as well as provide support and encouragement to others overcoming addicitons. An email address is used to create a login in order to post to the forum. The forum can be viewed without creating a login by going to the \[SoberTool's Website Forum\](sobertool.com/forum). Your email address may also be used to send you notificaitons about your post on the forum or daily messages, if you sign up for these notifications. You can turn off these notifications at any time. Post on the forum will show up with the username you create or you can choose to post anonymously. Your email address will never be shared and will not be displayed on the forum. ## Changes to This Privacy Policy I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. ## Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me. An email can be easily sent from within the app under the side menu option "More". This privacy policy page was created at \[privacypolicytemplate.net\](https://privacypolicytemplate.net/) and modified/generated by \[App Privacy Policy Generator\](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)