**SECOND LIFE COPYBOT PRIVACY POLICY**

Last Updated: January 1, 2020

Second Life Copybot (“Second Life Copybot”, "us", "our" or "we") who owns and controls the website found at [https://secondlifecopybot.com](https://secondlifecopybot.com/)  has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on  [https://secondlifecopybot.com](https://secondlifecopybot.com/) , and any successor websites, (collectively, the “Site”), and other interactive properties, including but not limited to our mobile applications and mobile-focused websites (the Site and our other interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as the “Applications"). This Privacy Policy also applies to our offline collection of information. We provide this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue to use the services provided by us ("Services").

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use (“Terms”). Each time that you access Applications or our Services you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms and, this Privacy Policy, and acknowledge that we are not providing you with a consumer report, and agree that you will not use the information obtained from us for any purpose covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. §1681, et seq.). If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Applications or Services.

1. **INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

We have collected the following information in the past 12 months:

|     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Category of Personal Information** | **Source(s)** | **Purpose(s)** | **Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information** |
| Identifiers | From data licensors<br><br>Indirectly from you | To provide our Services<br><br>To respond to inquiries | Individuals or businesses who use the Services<br><br>Our contractor personnel |
| Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) | From data licensors | To provide our Services | Individuals or businesses who use the Services<br><br>Our contractor personnel |
| Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law | From data licensors | To provide our Services | Individuals or businesses who use the Services<br><br>Our contractor personnel |
| Internet or other similar network activity | Indirectly from you, i.e., from observing your actions on our Applications<br><br>From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the Services | To provide our Services<br><br>To improve user experiences by making our Applications easier to use and navigate | Third party service providers<br><br>Our contractor personnel |
| Geolocation data | Indirectly from you<br><br>From data licensors | To provide our Services | Individuals or businesses who use the Services<br><br>Our contractor personnel |

1. **Information Collected Indirectly from You**

We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies, such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts, which automatically collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Applications.  We collect the following information indirectly from you:

*          Identifiers. We collect information such as the device used to access Applications (“Device”), and the IP address or other unique identifier identified by that Device (“Device Identifier”). Your Device Identifier may also identify your regional location. This information is used for many purposes including, for example, to: (i) provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to Applications; for example, remembering the searches you conducted; (ii) deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and location; (iii) monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our Applications; and (iv) analyze traffic on our Applications and on the sites and applications of third parties.
*          Internet or other similar network activity. We and our marketing and distribution partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers use various technologies to gather information such as your movements around the Applications.  This information is used to analyze trends and administer the Applications. In particular, Google Analytics Premium feature is enabled on the Applications. Google Analytics will collect data about our Applications traffic via Google advertising cookies and  [anonymous identifiers](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/key-terms/#toc-terms-identifier) , in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy practices and opt-out mechanisms, please visit the Google Analytics Security and Privacy Principles page at[https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en) . Google also provides a complete privacy policy and instructions on opting-out of Google Analytics at[https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) . We also use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g., language preference), and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Applications, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Applications may be limited.
*          Geolocation information. We collect Device Identifier information for many purposes including, for example, to analyze traffic on our Applications.

1. **Information We Collect From Third Parties**

We acquire information from other trusted sources, such as data licensors, to update or supplement the information. We use this information to help us maintain the recency of the information we collect, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes. We collect the following from third parties:

*          Identifiers. We collect information such as names, email addresses, and postal addresses.
*          Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). We collect information such as names and postal addresses from third parties. 
*          Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. We collect information such as age from third parties.
*          Internet or other similar network activity . The third parties we partner with, such as service providers, collect information about your interaction with our Services and pass that information to us.
*          Geolocation information. We collect addresses, which may include city and state, from third parties.

1. **ADVERTISING**

Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on the Applications and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our Applications and on third-party sites and applications, but is not associated with your registration account. We do not have access to or control over information that may be collected by advertisers and third parties, but many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers may allow you to choose not to receive their targeted advertising. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by visiting [https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval](https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval/) . Please note, this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance's self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising.

**Advertising Opt-out:** As a consumer, you have choices as how we handle personal information related to your activities on the website. You have a choice to opt-out from the digital advertising data that is gathered during your visit by visiting  [http://optout.aboutads.info/](http://optout.aboutads.info/) . Please note, your personal information content and advertising opt-out are handled differently and are separate activities initiated by the consumer.

**III. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

**Use of Information by Us** . We may use information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to improve the Applications or our Services and to customize your experience; (3) to contact you with regard to your use of the Applications and, in our discretion, changes to the Applications and/or the Applications’ policies; (4) for internal business purposes; (5) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, and (6) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**Contacting You** . When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity, you agree that this action establishes a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you about our use of the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means you may be contacted in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.

**Transactional Communications** . We may send you notices from time to time relating to your use of our Services. You may not opt-out of receiving these communications, which are not promotional in nature.

**Service Providers** . We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Applications or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.

**Co-branded Areas** . Certain areas on our Applications may be provided to you in association with third parties such as sponsors or advertisers which provide products and or services, (“Co-Branded Areas”). Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you elect to register for the products and/or services provided at these Co-Branded Areas, you either will be providing your personal information to both us and the third party or we might be providing your personal information directly to the third party in order for that third party to fulfill their products and services directly with you. Your personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third parties and we suggest you review the individual privacy policies of each company with whom you establish a relationship. You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third party sponsors or advertisers to learn more about their privacy practices.

**Legal Matters; Safety** . We may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or other communication), and any other information that we may have about you as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information and/or communications in situations that we believe to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) your conduct on the Applications that we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.

**Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets** . In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information of our customers and visitors to our Applications may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our customers and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support, or funding. In such transactions, personal information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Applications of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.

**Advertising and Analytics data collection** : We and some third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off the Applications.

1. **YOUR RIGHTS**

**Know:** You have the right to request information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, as well as the categories of sources from which such information is collected, the purpose for collecting such information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share such information. You also have the right to request information about our sale or disclosure for business purposes of your personal information to third parties.  You can exercise this right by searching for your name, which will pull up the personal information we show on you.  We do not hold any additional information about you.

**Delete** : Upon request we can block the records we have control over in our database from being shown on our Applications. You can request for your personal information to be blocked from being searched using the link below. Unless otherwise required by law, we will only accept opt-out requests directly from the individual whose information is being opted-out and we reserve the right to require verification of identity and reject opt-out requests in our sole discretion. Of course we are unable to remove any information about you from databases operated by third parties. We may need you to provide additional information to verify your request, such as providing data elements so that we can confirm they match the information already maintained by us. We will not use this additional information for anything other than handling your request. We do not accept opt-out requests via fax or mail. To manage or remove your public records from our database, please go to  [https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval](https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval/) . Please note that changes you request may not be effective immediately. Note that despite any request for removal of personal information, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed.

Please note, we have no control over public records, and do not guarantee or warrant that a request for removal of or change to personal information as described above will result in removal of or change to all of your information from our Applications.

**Opt-Out:** You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. From January 1, 2020, you can exercise this right through the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our Applications . We do not sell the personal information of minors. Please note that a request to opt-out is, in effect, a request to have your profile removed from the Services.

**Non-Discrimination:** You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.

1. **IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION**

**Links to other Site and Communities** . To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites and communities, you should be aware that these external or third party sites and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.

**Testimonials** . We may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Applications in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at  [https://secondlifecopybot.comcontact](https://secondlifecopybot.comcontact/) .

**Public Directory** . We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory. If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, please go to  [https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval](https://secondlifecopybot.comremoval/) .

**Social Media Features** . Our Applications includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Applications. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Applications, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Applications. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

**Security** . No data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the Applications indicates that you are willing to assume this.

**A Note To International Users** . The Applications are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Applications or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States. You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and California state law in all matters concerning the Applications and this Privacy Policy.

**Your California Privacy Rights.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to our Applications who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**Do Not Track.** At this time, our Site does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.

**Children's Privacy** . The Applications are intended for a general audience and are not directed or intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 18 years of age, we will remove that user’s personal information from our systems.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy** . We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Site, with the "Last Updated" date posted at the top. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new Applications or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, you will know because the Last Updated date of the Privacy Policy will change. If we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By accessing the Applications after the Last Updated date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.

**Disputes** . If you choose to visit the Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of California.

**No Rights of Third Parties** . This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the Applications.

1. **CONTACTING US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the Applications, please e-mail us by using our contact form located at  [https://secondlifecopybot.comcontact](https://secondlifecopybot.comcontact/)  or write to us at:  
  
Second Life Copybot

Customer Service

Copyright ©2020 Second Life Copybot. All rights reserved.