|     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![](/images/logo.png)](https://easychair.org/ "EasyChair home page") |     |     | [Docs](https://easychair.org/help/ "EasyChair Documentation")/[Log in](https://easychair.org/account/signin "Log in") |

![](/images/chairs.png)

EasyChair Terms of Service

This page shows EasyChair Terms of Service. The current version is 3.

EasyChair Terms of Service

Thank you for choosing EasyChair!

1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE

1.1 EasyChair Ltd ("we" or "us" or "EasyChair Ltd"), via its online
web service EasyChair ("EasyChair" or "EasyChair Web Site")
https://easychair.org provides services that allow users

  a) to manage document submission, reviewing, publishing, program
  generation, content management, registration, user management, email
  management and monitoring, and accounting for conferences,
  workshops, journals, books, special issues and any other events or
  publications, and
  b) to publish papers, articles, preprints, slides, presentations,
  videos, teaching material, programs of events, calls for papers and
  volumes and collections thereof,

(the "Service").

WE ASK THAT YOU READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE (THE
"TERMS"), BECAUSE YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE
OF THESE TERMS WITHOUT MODIFICATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.

1.2 If you use the Service on behalf of a company, organisation, or
other entity, then

  a) "you" includes you and that entity, and
  b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorised
  representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity
  to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's
  behalf.

1.3 We reserve the right to update the Service at any time at our
discretion with or without notice to you. Such updates are designed
to improve, enhance and further develop the Service and may take the
form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new modules, or other forms.
You agree to receive such updates and permit us to deliver these to
you as part of your use of the Service.

1.4 Additional terms may apply to some of our services. For example,
if you use our conference registration module, additional terms apply
to your use of this module. All of these are referred to below as the
"Additional Terms". We will tell you when Additional Terms apply. If
there is any contradiction between what the Additional Terms say and
what these Terms say, then the Additional Terms shall take precedence
in relation to that element of the Service.

2. LICENCE

2.1 We grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive,
non-sub-licensable, royalty-free worldwide right and licence to use
the Service. It does not include the right for you (or any third
party) to copy, adapt, modify, resell or repurpose any EasyChair Ltd
product, service, or data or the EasyChair Web Site. If you are
unclear about whether your use is acceptable under these terms, please
contact us. The contact information will be available on the contact
page of the EasyChair Web Site.

2.2 Your use of the Service does not create a partnership, joint
venture or agency relationship or similar relationship between us and
you.

2.3 You are expressly prohibited and shall not permit any third party
to reproduce, redistribute, duplicate, copy, adapt, decompile,
disassemble, modify, sell, trade or resell the Service (including the
EasyChair Web Site) for any purpose, unless you have been
specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with EasyChair
Ltd.

2.4 No competitors or future competitors of EasyChair Ltd are
permitted access to the Service and EasyChair Ltd reserves the right
to suspend or terminate any account created or used by any person
employed by or acting on behalf of any such competitor.

2.5 You must not use the Service to advertise or promote any
fictitious conference(s).

3 YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE

3.1 You represent that you are of legal age to form a binding
contract and are not prevented from accessing or receiving the
Service under any applicable jurisdiction.

3.2 You agree to only use the Service for lawful purposes and as
permitted by these Terms.

3.3 You agree not to access, interfere with, damage or disrupt (or
attempt to access, interfere with, damage or disrupt) any part of the
Service, any equipment or network on which the EasyChair Web Site is
stored or any software used in the provision of the EasyChair Web
Site through any technology or means other than through the EasyChair
Web Site. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access)
any part of the Service through any automated means, including
without limitation scripts, web crawlers, robots, spiders, offline
readers, etc.

3.4 You must not use the Service

  a) to harm, threaten, stalk or otherwise harass another person or
  organisation (including without limitation for the purpose of
  harming or attempting to harm minors in any way),
  b) in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful
  or fraudulent purpose or effect, including without limitation

    i) to impersonate any person or entity,
    ii) to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation
    with a person or entity, or
    iii) to hide or attempt to hide your identity, including by
    creating several accounts under different names,

  c) to attempt to compromise the Service integrity or security or
  decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the
  Service,
  d) in any way that violates any applicable local, national or
  international law or regulation,
  e) to transmit, or procure the sending of, spam, chain letters, or
  other unsolicited advertising or promotional material or any other
  form of similar solicitation,
  f) to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any
  material which does not comply with our content standards (set out
  in clause 5.10), or
  g) to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that
  contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke
  loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar
  computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any
  computer software or hardware.

3.5 You acknowledge and agree that EasyChair Ltd may set upper limits
on the number of transmissions you may send or receive through the
Service or on the amount of storage space used for the provision of
any Service. Such upper limits may be set by EasyChair Ltd at any
time, at our discretion.

4. REGISTRATION, ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD

4.1 In order to access the Service, you may be required to provide
information about yourself, such as identification or contact details
(the "Registration Data"), as part of the registration process for the
Service, or as part of your continued use of the Service. You agree to

  a) provide Registration Data that is true, accurate, current and
  complete, and
  b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it
  true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information
  that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have
  reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
  inaccurate, not current or incomplete, EasyChair Ltd, in its sole
  discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and
  refuse any and all current or future use of the Service.

4.2 You agree and understand that you are fully responsible for all
activities that occur under any account you use to access the Service.

4.3 You must keep your account(s) and password(s) confidential and not
authorise any third party to access or use the Service on your
behalf. You understand that any third party that has access to your
account can reset your password, disable your access to the Service,
view any content accessible from your account, or post any content,
including content that violates these Terms or other laws, regulations
or rules. You remain fully liable to and will indemnify and hold
harmless EasyChair Ltd against claims, actions, proceedings, losses,
damages, expenses and costs (including without limitation court costs
and reasonable legal fees) arising out of or in connection with any
third party's use of your account and password or the Services on your
behalf.

4.4. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of
your password or account, and ensure that you sign out from your
account at the end of each session.

4.5 You acknowledge and agree that if EasyChair Ltd disables access to
your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Service, your
account details or any Content (as defined below) accessible via the
Service.

5. CONTENT

5.1 You understand that all information, data, text, software, music,
sound, photographs, graphics, video, papers, reviews, messages, tags
or other materials which you may have access to as part of, or through
your use of, the Service ("Content"), whether publicly posted or
privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from
whom such Content originated. EasyChair Ltd does not control the Content
posted via the Service and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity
or quality of such Content. The views expressed by other users of the
Service do not represent EasyChair Ltd's views or values. If you wish
to complain about Content uploaded by other users please contact us
using the contact details available on the EasyChair Web Site.

5.2 "Your Content" is any content that you provide, create, email,
post, submit, input, upload or otherwise make available (hereinafter
simply "post") on the Service. You understand that you, and not
EasyChair Ltd, are entirely responsible for Your Content.

5.3 By posting Your Content you warrant that you have all the rights
necessary for you to post it. You retain all of your ownership rights
in Your Content but you hereby grant to EasyChair Ltd and other users
of the EasyChair Web Site a limited licence to copy, distribute, make
available, store and use Your Content for the purpose for which it has
been provided on the terms set out in this section 5.

5.4 You warrant and represent that you have the written consent of
each identifiable individual natural person in Your Content to use
such person's name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the
Service and these Terms.

5.5 EasyChair Ltd claims no ownership or control over Your Content.
Except as expressly stated within these Terms, you or a third party
licensor, as appropriate, retain all intellectual property rights in
Your Content.

5.6 You acknowledge that EasyChair Ltd has no obligation to monitor
Content and/or Your Content and that Content and/or Your Content is
not verified or approved by EasyChair Ltd. EasyChair Ltd has the right
(but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, move or
remove any Content and/or Your Content that is available via the
Service and that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable.

5.7 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that EasyChair
Ltd will take no responsibility and assume no liability to you or to
any third party for) Your Content and for the consequences of you
posting it.

5.8 You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content
that is inaccurate, offensive, defamatory, indecent, objectionable or
inappropriate for children, and that, in this respect, you use the
Service at your own risk, and you agree that EasyChair Ltd shall not
be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of such
Content. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks
associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. We make no
representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied,
that the Content on the EasyChair Web Site is accurate, complete or up
to date. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any
Content.

5.9 Content may be subject to posted limitations on usage,
reproduction or dissemination, and you are responsible for adhering to
such limitations if you download the Content. Content uploaded by
other users is likely to be confidential, protected by copyright laws
and may contain sensitive information. You agree only to use the
Content for the purposes for which it has been provided and/or made
available to you and not to modify the Content that you download. You
must not use any part of the Content for commercial purposes without
obtaining the necessary licence to do so from the relevant licensor
and must not purport to have any rights in or over the Content that
you access other than to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms
or the relevant author. If you use any Content that you have access to
in breach of these Terms, your right to use the Service will cease
immediately.

5.10 You agree not to post Your Content that

  a) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort,
  b) contains any information or content that violates third-party
  rights of any kind or is unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or
  ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal
  privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people
  (publicly or otherwise), libellous, threatening, profane, or
  otherwise objectionable,
  c) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other
  proprietary rights of any party,
  d) contains unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional
  materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any
  other form of solicitation,
  e) contains files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or
  limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
  telecommunications equipment,
  f) is generated by algorithms or computer programs when it is
  expected that the content is created by humans, including, but not
  limited to, submission of an abstract, paper, slides or other
  presentations, for reviewing or publishing, or
  g) contains false, incorrect or fake email addresses or other
  personal data of yourself or other persons.

5.11 You understand that EasyChair Ltd may need and by posting Your
Content you hereby grant EasyChair Ltd a worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, transferable, perpetual and irrevocable licence (with
the right to sub-licence), to use, modify, adapt, reproduce,
distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and/or perform Your
Content to the extent EasyChair Ltd deems necessary to provide the
Service, including without limitation metadata removal or watermark
addition, and to operate EasyChair Ltd's business, including without
limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service
(and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any
media channels.

5.12 You understand that Content presented to you as part of the
Service may be protected by intellectual property rights which may be
owned by EasyChair Ltd or by other users from whom such Content
originated. You may not modify, adapt, rent, lease, loan, sell,
reproduce, distribute or create derivative works based on this Content
(either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically told
that you may do so by the owners of the Content in a separate
agreement.

5.13 You are responsible for ensuring that you back up any Content
that you have access to on the Service to the extent that it is lawful
for you to do so. We may permanently delete any Content and/or Your
Content from our servers from time to time without notice. We can
suspend or cancel your access to the Service or parts thereof and have
no obligation to return Content and/or Your Content to you after the
access is suspended or cancelled. Content and/or Your Content may be
stored with an expiration date, EasyChair Ltd may delete such Content
and/or Your Content as of that date. Content and/or Your Content that
is deleted may be irretrievable.

5.14 Your Content may be available to other users of the Service. The
set of users who have access to Your Content may depend on the
Service, may or may not be known to you, and may change at any time.
By posting Your Content you agree that anyone who may have access to
Your Content in connection with the Service has free, non-exclusive
permission to access and use Your Content solely in connection with
the Service in accordance with these Terms. Once you have posted Your
Content on the EasyChair Web Site you cannot request that it is
deleted or withdraw your consent for it to be used in accordance with
these Terms (unless we expressly agree otherwise).

5.15 EasyChair Ltd may retain and use Content and/or Your Content,
subject to the terms of its privacy policy. You agree that EasyChair
Ltd may aggregate Your Content with Content provided by other users,
and use such aggregated data, provided that EasyChair Ltd only
aggregate data in a manner such that no third party could identify
which users' data contributed to the aggregated set.

5.16 When you submit Your Content to a conference or any other event
using the Service, you grant organisers of that conference or event a
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable perpetual and
irrevocable licence (with right to sub-licence) to use, reproduce,
distribute and publish Your Content metadata (and derivative works
thereof) in connection with the conference in accordance with these
Terms, including in the list of accepted papers and/or the conference
program. The metadata includes any or all of the author names and
affiliations, title and abstract, presentation information (date,
time, session and place) and speaker or presenter name.

5.17 You will remain fully liable and will indemnify and hold harmless
EasyChair Ltd against all claims, actions, proceedings, losses,
damages, expenses and costs (including without limitation court costs
and reasonable legal fees) arising out of or in connection with your
failure to comply with this section 5 and/or your unauthorised use of
the Content and/or Your Content.

6. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

6.1 The following definitions apply in this section 6:

"Agreed Purpose" means the performance by users of their obligations
in respect of the Service and/or under these Terms, and the promotion
of the products or services that form the subject of the Service
and/or these Terms.

"data controller, data processor, personal data, processing and
appropriate technical and organisational measures" have the meanings
set out in the Data Protection Legislation in force at the time.

"Data Protection Legislation" means the UK Data Protection Legislation
and (for so long as and to the extent that the law of the European
Union has legal effect in the UK) the General Data Protection
Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) and any other directly applicable European
Union regulation relating to privacy.

"Permitted Recipients" means you, your employees and/or any third
parties engaged to perform obligations in connection with the Service
or conference to which the Content relates.

"Sensitive Personal Information" means

  a) any data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions,
  religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership,
  b) genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely
  identifying a natural person,
  c) data concerning health or medical information (other than food
  allergies or medical contact information),
  d) data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual
  orientation,
  e) national insurance, social security numbers, or similar ids or
  numbers used in various countries,
  f) passport numbers or other government issued ID numbers,
  g) date of birth,
  h) age and/or gender,
  i) financial account information (other than payment information
  processed securely via EasyChair Ltd),
  j) other data which can be reasonably recognised as being highly
  sensitive

"UK Data Protection Legislation" means any data protection legislation
from time to time in force in the UK including the Data Protection Act
1998 or 2018 or any successor legislation.

6.2 You acknowledge that EasyChair Ltd will not disclose any personal
data to you in your use of the Service and that EasyChair Ltd is not a
data controller in respect of any data that you provide or make
available to other users of the EasyChair Web Site.

6.3 As part of the Service, you may have access to personal data
provided or made available by other users. You understand and agree
that you should handle such personal data in compliance with
applicable obligations under the Data Protection Legislation and any
other regulations applicable in relevant jurisdictions. EasyChair Ltd
is not responsible for ensuring that users comply with Data Protection
Legislation. You also acknowledge that, given the nature of the
Service, any personal data that you provide or make available to other
users is likely to be transferred outside of the European Economic
Area.

6.4 Any material breach of the Data Protection Legislation or such
other regulations by you shall be grounds for EasyChair Ltd to suspend
or terminate your use of the Service with immediate effect.

6.5 You acknowledge that you may be a data processor and/or a data
controller in respect of any personal data that you provide or make
available to, or receive from, other users of the Service. You agree
to

  a) process personal data accessed and/or provided to you through the
  EasyChair Web Site only for the Agreed Purposes,
  b) not disclose or allow access to such personal data to anyone
  other than the Permitted Recipients, and
  c) ensure that you have in place appropriate technical and
  organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful
  processing of personal data and against accidental loss or
  destruction of, or damage to, personal data.

6.6 You acknowledge and agree that you will not unnecessarily request
Sensitive Personal Information from other users and inform EasyChair
Ltd if you are going to request or collect such information.

6.7 You acknowledge and agree that EasyChair Ltd can monitor requests
to provide Sensitive Personal Information and require you to remove
such requests.

6.8 You acknowledge and agree that processing, storing and
transmitting Sensitive Personal Information is unnecessary for use of
the Service and that you shall be solely responsible for any such use,
and therefore EasyChair Ltd shall not be liable for the same.

6.9 You shall indemnify EasyChair Ltd against all liabilities, costs,
expenses, damages and losses (including but not limited to any direct,
indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation
and all interest, penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full
indemnity basis) and all other professional costs and expenses)
suffered or incurred by EasyChair Ltd arising out of or in connection
with the breach of the Data Protection Legislation by you, your
employees or agents.

7. UNSOLICITED EMAIL (SPAM)

7.1 All email messages sent by you from EasyChair Ltd, including
invitations to program committee and review requests, must only target
the relevant recipients who are reasonably likely to agree to
receiving your invitation.

7.2 All bulk emails sent by you or on your behalf not using EasyChair
Ltd but in connection with the Service, for example, calls for papers
for conferences or journals hosted by EasyChair Ltd, must contain an
"unsubscribe" link that allows subscribers to remove themselves from
your email messages. You will actively manage and process unsubscribe
requests and update your email lists to reflect such requests. Any
messages sent in connection with using the Services must contain clear
and conspicuous notice that the message is an advertisement or
solicitation and that the recipient can opt out of receiving more
commercial email from you. It also must include your identity as the
sender, valid physical postal address and comply in all other respects
with applicable law. You will not send commercial email messages using
domains by proxy or any equivalent ownership masking service.

7.3 You must not send any promotional emails to EasyChair Ltd email
addresses or include EasyChair Ltd email addresses to your address
book in a manner that they become a target of emails by web services,
such as social networks.

7.4 You acknowledge and agree that if you violate any provision of
this section 7, we may immediately suspend or terminate your access to
the Service or EasyChair Web Site. EasyChair Ltd reserves the right to
decide, in its sole discretion, whether you violate any such provision
based on received emails, complaints, information we receive from
email service providers, and any similar information.

8. PRIVACY AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

8.1 We shall take all reasonable care to ensure that we comply with
our obligations under GDPR.

8.2 For information about EasyChair Ltd data protection practices,
please read the EasyChair Ltd privacy policy on the EasyChair Web
Site. This policy explains how EasyChair Ltd treats your personal
information, and protects your privacy, when you use the Service.

8.3 You agree to the use of your data in accordance with our privacy
policies (copies of which are available on the EasyChair Web Site).

8.4 In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain
information about you. As part of the Service, we may also
automatically upload information about your computer, your use of the
Service, and Service performance. You acknowledge, consent and agree
that EasyChair may in its sole discretion access, preserve and
disclose any such information and/or Content if required to do so by
law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or
disclosure is reasonably necessary to:

  a) comply with legal process
  b) enforce these Terms
  c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third
  parties
  d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety
  of EasyChair, its users or the public as required or permitted by
  law
  e) maintain security and integrity of the Service

8.5 The EasyChair Web Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of
letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These
cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the EasyChair
Web Site, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when
you browse the EasyChair Web Site and also allows us to improve the
EasyChair Web Site. You can read more about our cookie policy on the
EasyChair Web Site.

9. OTHER PROVISIONS

9.1 Free Services. EasyChair Ltd allows you to access through the
EasyChair Web Site a number of services for free at its sole
discretion, including Smart CFP, publishing services and conference
management with free licenses. In the event that you violate any of
these Terms, EasyChair Ltd reserves the right to refuse providing you
with access to such services for free and to charge your use of such
services at EasyChair Ltd's then current rates.

9.2 Intellectual Property Rights. EasyChair Ltd is the owner or the
licensee of all intellectual property rights in the EasyChair Web
Site. Except as expressly permitted by section 5, you must not use any
content from the EasyChair Web Site (including without limitation any
logos or any images from the EasyChair Web Site) without express
permission from EasyChair Ltd.

9.3 Verifiable information. All information which you post about the
Service or any conference relevant to the Service, including any web
pages, emails and other media used by you, posters, calls for papers,
must comply with the verifiable information principle, meaning that
all such information must be correct and verifiable. This includes
without limitation

  a) all persons mentioned. For example, if your web page lists the
  conference scientific committee, then either it should include links
  to the web pages of committee members or you should be able to
  provide, upon request, evidence that a particular committee member
  agreed to be on the relevant committee,
  b) all organisations, for example sponsors. Your association with
  these organisations should be verifiable upon request,
  c) all third-party logos used. You should have obtained permission
  to use these logos and be able to justify that you have such
  permission.

9.4 You understand and acknowledge that EasyChair Ltd has exclusive
rights to provide professional technical support and help on the use
of the Service.

9.5 You acknowledge that, except as expressly stated otherwise in
these Terms, EasyChair Ltd or its licensors retain all copyright,
trademark, trade secret, patent and other intellectual property rights
to the Service and any or all modifications to the Service.

10. NO WARRANTY

10.1 We provide the Service using commercially reasonable efforts.
However, the Service is provided "as is" without warranty of any
kind. You expressly understand and agree that your use the Service is
at your own risk. EasyChair Ltd specifically disclaims, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, any express or implied warranties including
without limitation as to merchantability, satisfactory quality,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, the absence of
defects or errors, that any defects or errors will be corrected, or
that the Service is free of viruses or any other harmful components.

10.2 We cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of
information available from the Service. Any content downloaded or
otherwise obtained through the Service is downloaded at your own risk
and we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system or
loss of data that results from such download.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

11.1 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit EasyChair Ltd's
liability for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by
applicable law (including without limitation death or personal injury
caused by its negligence or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation).

11.2 Subject to overall provision in clause 11.1 above, EasyChair Ltd
shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, punitive,
consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation any
loss of profit, loss of goodwill or business reputation, or loss of
data or any damage, loss or injury resulting from

  a) any reliance placed by you on the accuracy, completeness, or
  usefulness of any content accessed via the Service,
  b) any permanent or temporary cessation, delays or failures in the
  provision of the Service or any part thereof,
  c) hacking, tampering or other unauthorised access of your account
  or the information contained therein,
  d) your or any third party use of Content,
  e) content on third-party web sites, third-party programs, or
  third-party conduct accessed via the Service,
  f) viruses or other disabling features that affect your access to or
  use of the Service or may be transmitted to or through the Service
  by any third party,
  g) incompatibility between the Service and other services, software,
  or hardware,
  h) your failure to provide accurate Registration Data or other
  information required by the Service,
  i) your failure to keep your password or account details secure and
  confidential,
  j) any changes which EasyChair Ltd's may make to the Service,
  k) the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any Content
  or other data maintained or transmitted by or through your use of
  the Service,
  l) unauthorised access to or alteration in your transmissions of
  data,
  m) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
  condition, strict liability, tort (including negligence or breach of
  statutory duty) or negligent misrepresentation,
  n) any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or
  existence of any Content or advertising that appears on the Service,
  o) any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser or
  sponsor whose advertising appears on the Service, or
  p) your failure to comply with these Terms.

11.3 The limitations on EasyChair Ltd's liability to you in clause
11.2 above shall apply whether or not EasyChair Ltd has been advised
of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses
arising.

12. INDEMNITY

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless EasyChair Ltd and its
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders and other
partners, and employees, from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising
out of

  (a) Your Content,
  (b) your use of the Service,
  (c) your violation of these Terms,
  (d) your violation of any third-party rights, or
  (e) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation.

13. TERMINATION

13.1 You agree that EasyChair Ltd may, under certain circumstances and
without prior notice, immediately terminate your account, any
associated email addresses, and access to the Service. Cause for such
termination shall include without limitation

  a) breaches, violations or purported breaches or violations of these
  Terms or any Additional Terms,
  b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies,
  c) discontinuance or modification to the Service (or any part
  thereof),
  d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems,
  e) extended periods of inactivity,
  f) you bringing the reputation of EasyChair Ltd into disrepute or
  doing anything likely to cause harm to EasyChair Ltd's reputation,
  g) non-payment of any fees owed by you in connection with the
  Service,
  h) a request by you.

13.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with EasyChair Ltd,
subject to clause 13.4, you may do so by closing your accounts for all
of the services which you use. You can stop using the Service at any
time but your account will not be closed unless you ask EasyChair Ltd
to close it and clause 13.4 does not apply.

13.3 EasyChair Ltd shall not be liable to you or any third party for
any termination of your account, any associated email addresses, or
access to the Service.

13.4 If your account is involved in any ongoing activity where
communication between you and other users of the Service may be
required, we reserve a right not to allow you to close your account.
Such ongoing activities include, without limitation

  a) submission to, or registration or reviewing for a conference
  having a non-expired license, or
  b) unpaid fees.

14. GENERAL LEGAL TERMS

14.1 These Terms constitute the entire contract between you and us
regarding the Service. It supersedes and extinguishes any prior
contract, warranties, representations, understandings or other oral or
written statements regarding your use of the Service.

14.2 You acknowledge that in using the Services you do not rely on,
and shall have no remedies in respect of any statement,
representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or
negligently) that is not set out in these Terms.

14.3 All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by
relevant law. If any part of these Terms is or becomes invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum
extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such
modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision
shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a
provision or part-provision under this clause 14.2 shall not affect
the validity and enforceability of the rest of the Terms.

14.4 You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary,
to the extent permitted by law, any claim or cause of action arising
out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed
within six months after such claim or cause of action arose or be
forever barred.

14.5 These Terms and the relationship between you and EasyChair Ltd
and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or
claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter
or formation shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with
the law of England and Wales. In relation to any legal action or
proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Terms
("Proceedings"), each of the parties irrevocably agrees that the
courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or
claims) arising out of or in connection with these Terms or their
subject matter or formation and waives any objection to Proceedings in
such courts on the grounds of venue or on the grounds that Proceedings
have been brought in an inappropriate forum.

14.6 Unless it expressly states otherwise, these Terms do not give
rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
1999 to enforce any term.

14.7 EasyChair Ltd shall not be in breach of these Terms nor liable
for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations
under these Terms if such delay or failure result from events,
circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.

14.8 A waiver of any right or remedy under these Terms or by law is
only effective if given in writing and shall not be deemed a waiver of
any subsequent right or remedy. A failure or delay by EasyChair Ltd to
exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms or by law
shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy,
nor shall it prevent or restrict any further exercise of that or any
other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or
remedy provided under these Terms or by law shall prevent or restrict
the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

Copyright © 2002 – 2024 EasyChair