Privacy Policy
==============

Learn how Helena Express protects your privacy.

We don’t sell your data; however, information about you might be stored with companies we work with, or stored by Helena Express on our own servers.

If you send a package with Helena Express, our postage provider will retain the tracking number, to and from addresses, insurance details (if purchased), package size and weight, and other related information. You can read their privacy policy at [https://www.easypost.com/privacy](https://www.easypost.com/privacy). The actual carrier of your package (USPS, UPS, FedEx, etc) also receives information about your package.

For local courier services, your to and from addresses may be transmitted to a third party GIS/mapping provider in order to calculate distance, travel time, and other information needed to calculate cost. This does not include any personal information besides street address. Some of this address information may also be transmitted to our postage provider, which provides us with address validation services to ensure our records are correct.

Some basic information about your package is stored in our servers; this usually includes the to and from addresses, the tracking number, and tracking events generated by Helena Express or provided to us by the actual carrier.

For notary services, your name, signature, and other information gathered during the notarization process is retained in a notary journal for at least ten years, as required by Montana state law. We do not record or store drivers license, ID card, or passport numbers.

When you pay with a credit or debit card, Apple Pay, or Google Pay, your payment is processed by Stripe. We keep a record of the transaction in our private accounting system. View Stripe’s privacy policy at [https://stripe.com/privacy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

We also use Stripe for identity document verification when we need to verify your identity and cannot do so in person. Stripe collects identity document images, facial images, ID numbers and addresses as well as advanced fraud signals and information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe shares this information with us and also uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides, including for fraud detection. You may also choose to allow Stripe to use your data to improve Stripe’s biometric verification technology. Stripe retains a copy of all the data provided as part of a verification. You may also have consented to allow Stripe to use your data to improve their technology. You can delete your information from Stripe’s servers or revoke your consent by visiting [https://support.stripe.com](https://support.stripe.com/).

Our website(s) and app(s) use analytics tracking technology to give us insights in how you are using our services. We can see information such as your IP address, pages you visit, files you access, tracking numbers you look up, and the type of device and browser you are using. To safeguard your privacy, this information is not sent to any third party. You can opt out of analytics by turning off the analytics switch in the Helena Express app or by turning on Do-Not-Track (DNT) in your browser.

Information we collect is, by necessity, shared with Netsyms Technologies, which has the same owner as Helena Express. Netsyms Technologies provides server and technology infrastructure to Helena Express, and as a result data we collect is stored on computers belonging to Netsyms Technologies.

If we need to make changes to this privacy policy that could reduce your privacy, and you have an account with us, we’ll send you an email notifying you of the changes. Otherwise we won’t bother you about changes.