1. [Home](https://fabtcg.com/)

3. Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
==============

This privacy notice sets out how Legend Story Studios Trading Limited (‘**we**’, ‘**us**’, or ‘**Legend Story Studios**’) collect, use, and disclose information collected through use of our website and other digital platforms (the ‘**Platforms**’) or our services and in any other interactions with you, including as part of official registered play or other registered play events organised by us, you or by other approved users (‘**Registered Play**’). We may also collect, use and disclose information to the extent applicable law does not prohibit it.

### What kind of Information do we collect?

Information we collect may include personal information about you. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, information on your use of our Platforms and other services, Registered Play information and your purchasing history with Legend Story Studios.

### Collection of Information

The information collected by us may include personal information:

1. provided by you through registering an account on the Platforms, submitting an online form, request for information, survey or application through the Platforms or otherwise submitting information to us through the Platforms or post or upload to the Platforms;
2. provided by you when you request certain products, samples or services from us;
3. provided by you in connection with your registration at, organisation of, attendance at, and/or submission of data in relation to, any Registered Play or other events;
4. relating to interactions and transactions you carry out on, or through, the Platforms or at Registered Play or any events we hold; and
5. through tracking your use of the Platforms, including the content you access and any services you utilise and information collected through automated technology as further detailed below.

You may provide information to be published or displayed (‘**posted**’) on public areas of the Platforms, or transmitted to other users of the Platforms or third parties (collectively ‘**User Contributions**’). If you use any discussion forum feature on the Platforms, be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be viewed and used by other Platforms users. Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of those with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.

### Consequences for failure to provide

You may decide not to provide your personal information to us. However, if you do not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with the goods and services you have requested or access to the Platforms or certain parts of the Platforms or you may not be able to fully utilise all of our products and services. You may also not be able to organise or participate in Registered Play.

### Automatic Data Collection Technologies

As you navigate through and interact with the Platforms, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Some of this information may be linked to you personally. This information helps our Platforms function correctly, helps us understand the needs of our users and may be used for the other purposes set out in this privacy notice. Examples of this information include:

1. website related traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data;
2. data related to your use of the Platforms. This includes the pages you visit, the resources and services that you access; the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, referring pages (pages you came from or go to) and statistical and other aggregated data derived from your use of the Platforms;
3. information about your device, computer and network connection, including your IP address, operating system, hardware version and browser type; and
4. if you allow our Platforms to deliver content based on your location (for example by enabling this feature on your mobile device) we may collect location data (such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals) including for the automated delivery of relevant content and advertising to you.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include log files, usage monitoring software and cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on a user’s device that can identify the device you are working from. The cookie file gives us details such as your IP address, platform, browser and domain (whether you are accessing the Platforms from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by cookies to personalise your experience on the Platforms, make it easier for you to navigate our Platforms, and improve your experience by storing your search, posting and other viewing and usage history, and your login details (if you choose) enabling you to use certain services as a registered user without having to log on each time. We may also use cookies to provide you with certain advertisements which may be of interest to you. If you disable cookies it may limit your access to some of the Platforms’ content and features. You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our Platforms, but your experience may be affected.

### Other Tracking Technologies

We may advertise in a number of ways, including online through managed social media presences, and on other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. To understand how our advertising campaigns are performing, and better understand the visitors to our Platforms, we may collect certain information via our Platforms through our advertising service providers. We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools to collect information about our users, such as browser cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies. The information we collect includes IP addresses, the number of page visits, pages viewed via our Platforms, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other websites following your visit to one of our Platforms or applications, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the websites and applications where we advertise.

### Social Media and APIs

Our Platforms include social media features such as the Facebook like button, the share button, or other interactive programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you visit on our site, and how long for. If you’re a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other personal information. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Platforms. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the third party providing it and to the maximum extent permitted by law we accept no responsibility for the actions of those third parties.

1. We may provide an application programming interface (API) to enable third party applications to interface with our Platforms. Some applications enable you to interact with us through the API in a way that requires you to log in. To do this, most of these applications will direct you through a process where you are able to let the application connect to your account.
2. If you allow an application to connect to your account on our Platforms, including if you set up your account on our Platforms using an API with a third party social media platform, that application will be able to access information that you can see when you are logged into our Platforms. You should only allow applications you trust to access your account on our Platforms.
3. If you set up your account on our Platforms using an API with a third party social media platform, you also consent to us obtaining and using your information from such platform.

### Registered Play

We will collect personal information provided by you if you participate in Registered Play. We collect this information in order to conduct the Registered Play events. We may also disclose such information to third parties, such as agents, contractors, service providers and prize suppliers to conduct Registered Play, and as set out in this privacy notice. Entry is conditional on providing this information. If the information is not fully supplied the entry may be void.

Information from Registered Play may be published on our website, including information about individual Registered Play matches, overall results from specific Registered Play events, Registered Play event times and locations. We may also aggregate your historic Registered Play results and publish standings based on your history of participation in Registered Play.

If you provide us with the names and contact details of any other people that you would like to have participate in Registered Play, we will also collect this information. You promise that you have their permission to provide us with this information and for us to use if for this purpose.

If you provide us with information about a forthcoming Registered Play event, we may publish those details, including information such as event location, time, entry fee and details of the format of the Registered Play event.

### Use of information

Your personal information may be used by us (and our employees, officers, agents, contractors and affiliates) for any purpose which is stated to you at the time of collection or that you otherwise authorise and for the following purposes:

* to provide you with the goods, services, payments processing and/or information you have requested;
* verification of your identity for use of the Platforms and other software, and to assist you if you forget your username or password for any of the services we provide to you via the Platforms;
* to assist in providing better services to you by tailoring them to meet your needs;
* to provide you with further information about us or other platforms or goods or services offered by us or our related companies or third parties or which we consider may be of interest to you;
* to carry out marketing, promotional and publicity purposes including direct marketing, market research and surveys;
* to keep the Platforms relevant and of interest to users;
* to register attendance of Registered Play, and to record results of such Registered Play, including on public leaderboards;
* to customise the Platforms to your preferences and to show you advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests based on the information you have provided to us or we have otherwise collected;
* to contact you via electronic message regarding purchases or orders you have made on the Platforms or other potential purchases on the Platforms we think you may be interested in;
* to contact you via electronic message regarding Registered Play you have attended or other Registered Play we think you may be interested in;
* to assist us in performing our functions and activities;
* to communicate and manage our relationships with stakeholders;
* analysis in aggregate form (identifiable characteristics removed so that you will remain anonymous);
* to communicate with you; and
* to comply with our legal obligations.

### Information Sharing and Disclosure:

We may disclose your personal information:

* within the Legend Story Studios organisation for the purposes set out in section 8 above;
* to third parties in accordance with the uses set out above;
* if you have requested or authorised us to do so;
* to our contractors, suppliers and other third parties to enable them to provide services and products to us and you, including in relation to the Platforms and Registered Play;
* by sharing aggregated demographic information about our user base with our affiliates, partners and advertisers;
* when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, facilitate court proceedings or to protect our rights; and
* where we are authorised or required to do so by law.

### Data Access and Correction

Under the Privacy Act 1993 and other applicable laws, you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold. This can be done by contacting us by email at the contact details set out below.

### Commercial electronic messages

If you provide us with electronic contact details, you agree that we may send you commercial electronic messages (e.g. texts and emails) for any of the purposes set out in this privacy notice.

### Changes in privacy notice

We reserve the right to make changes to our privacy notice or alter our Platforms functionality. Any changes made will be updated in this privacy notice accordingly, so we encourage you to review the policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.

* * *

If you have any questions about our privacy notice, or any other matter, please feel free to contact us. You can reach us in one of the following ways:

Email: hello@fabtcg.com  
Address: 2 Owens Rd, Newmarket, Auckland 1023, New Zealand

_This privacy notice was last updated on 9 September 2019._

[Share](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fdevelopers.facebook.com%2Fdocs%2Fplugins%2F&src=sdkpreparse)