_Effective: August 24, 2018_

**WELCOME TO THE AI2 WEBSITES. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY.**

This website and all other related websites on which a link to these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) is displayed (including, without limitation, all subpages and subdomains of the main website at allenai.org, as well as other websites under the AI2 domain, and the content, functionality and services available on or through any of the foregoing (individually and collectively, the “Sites”) are provided to you by the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (“AI2” or “Us”) and are intended to provide information about and access to the products and services of AI2. The Sites allow you to interact with us and others and provide you the opportunity to contact us directly. Except as otherwise provided in a written agreement signed by AI2, these Terms of Use represent the entire understanding between you and AI2 regarding your use of the Sites and your submission of any materials to us. AI2 is providing you access to the Sites subject to these Terms of Use and the AI2 Privacy Policy. By accessing the Sites, you signify your acceptance of these Terms of Use and your acceptance of the [Privacy Policy](https://allenai.org/privacy-policy "Privacy Policy").

AI2 reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, update, or remove portions of these Terms of Use or the [Privacy Policy](https://allenai.org/privacy-policy "Privacy Policy"), so please check them from time to time as your continued use of the Sites signifies your acceptance of any changed terms. If you are dissatisfied with these Terms of Use or the [Privacy Policy](https://allenai.org/privacy-policy "Privacy Policy"), your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue your use of the Site.

1. **ELIGIBILITY** Use of the Sites is void where prohibited. By using the Sites and their features, You represent and warrant that: (a) You are 18 years or older; (b) Your use of the Sites does not violate any applicable law or regulation; and (c) You are responsible for all User Content (defined below) posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when User Content is posted by others who have accounts under your account).
    
2. **DISCLAIMERS**
    
    1. THE SITES AND ALL CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIALS (COLLECTIVELY “MATERIAL”) AVAILABLE AT THE SITES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS FROM AI2 AND ITS AFFILIATES AND CONTENT PROVIDERS. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY MATERIAL.
    2. AI2 MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THE MATERIAL OR SERVICES AVAILABLE AT THE SITES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AI2 DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND/OR NONINFRINGMENT REGARDING THE SITES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES RELATED TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, AND SERVICES DESCRIBED THEREIN, AND ANY INFORMATION OR APPLICATIONS SUBMITTED THROUGH THE SITES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, AI2 DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITES OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AI2 DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON THE SITES OR THE SERVICES DESCRIBED THEREIN.
    3. AI2 takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is AI2 liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Your use of the Sites is at your own risk. As a provider of interactive services, AI2 is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content or Third Party Content provided by its users on the Sites.
3. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY** IN NO EVENT WILL AI2, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS INTERUPTION, OR LOSS OF DATA, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITES, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS DESCRIBED THEREIN, THE OPERATION OF THE SITES, ANY APPLICATION, INFORMATION, OR REQUEST SUBMITTED TO US THROUGH THE SITES, AND/OR THE SERVICES DESCRIBED THEREIN, EVEN IF AI2 IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AI2’S LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF $100. IF THE WARRANTY EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE ARE FOR ANY REASON HELD UNENFORCEABLE OR INAPPLICABLE, YOU AGREE THAT AI2’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL NOT EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED ($500) DOLLARS.
    
4. **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**
    
    1. _General Proprietary Rights_: The Sites are owned by AI2 and contain material that is derived in whole or in part from AI2 and other sources. The Sites and their contents are protected by international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from the Sites, including without limitation code or software, without AI2’s express written permission.
        
    2. _Copyright_: All site design, text, code, graphics, and interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof, on the Sites are the property of AI2, or their content suppliers, and are protected by U.S. and other international copyright laws ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Prior permission to use, reproduce, or reprint any photograph, illustration, artwork, or other information or materials on the Sites must be obtained from the copyright owner, regardless of the intended use. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on the Sites is in violation of copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
        
    3. _Trademarks_: “AI2”, “Aristo”, “Beaker”, “Cut Through the Clutter”, “Iconary”, “Mosiac”, Semantic Scholar”, “AI for the Common Good” and the AI2 Logo are trademarks of AI2 and/or its affiliates. They may not be used in connection with any product or service other than those services offered by Vulcan Inc. or its affiliates, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any manner that disparages or discredits AI2 or its affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
        
5. **USER CONTENT** The Sites may allow you to post, submit, publish, display, make available for download and use or transmit to other users or other persons any content, source code, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, profiles, works of authorship, or any other materials (collectively “User Content”) on or through the Sites.
    
    1. Any User Content you post to the Sites publicly will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
    2. By displaying, publishing or making User Content publicly available for download or use by others, you give AI2 a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, sublicense, make derivative works of, and distribute User Content which you submit, post or display on or through the Site or in connection with any Service. You agree that this license includes a right for AI2 to make User Content available to other companies, organizations or individuals with whom AI2 has relationships for the provision of services (“Authorized Third Parties”), and to use and have AI2 Authorized Third Parties use, the User Content in connection with the provision of those services. You understand that AI2 or Authorized Third Parties may (i) transmit or distribute User Content over various public networks and in various media; and (ii) make such changes to User Content as are necessary to conform and adapt User Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. Further, you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including User Content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You agree that this license shall permit AI2 and Authorized Third Parties to take these actions.
    3. You represent and warrant that (i) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Content to the Site and grant any rights you grant therein; (ii) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (iii) the use and posting of the User Content as contemplated by these Terms of Use does not violate these Terms of Use or any applicable law, rule or regulation and will not infringe or violate any rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity.
6. **CONTENT STANDARDS/RESTRICTIONS** User Content must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. AI2 may reject, refuse to post or delete any User Content for any or no reason, including without limitation, User Content that in the sole judgment of AI2 violates these Terms of Use, including our [Privacy Policy](https://allenai.org/privacy-policy "Privacy Policy"). AI2 assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Sites for inappropriate User Content or conduct. If at any time AI2 chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Sites, AI2 nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the User Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content and no responsibility for the User Conduct of the user submitting any such User Content.
    
7. **LINKS FROM THE SITES** The Sites contain (or you may be sent through the Sites to) links to other websites (“Third Party Sites”) as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties in a variety of media, including without limitation, sharable software files that contain executable code posted on the Site by other users (the “Third Party Content”). These Third Party Sites are provided for your convenience only. AI2 has no control over the Third Party Content or the Third Party Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the Third Party Sites, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Third Party Sites.
    
8. **PROTECTION OF YOUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS/DMCA** We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Sites infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) from the Sites by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below). In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“DMCA“), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice“) must include substantially the following.
    
    1. Your physical or electronic signature;
    2. Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Sites, a representative list of such works;
    3. Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material;
    4. Adequate information by which we can contact you, including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address;
    5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
    6. A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and
    7. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
    
    Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
    
    Attn: Legal Department, DMCA Notices  
    AI2  
    2157 North Northlake Way  
    Seattle, WA 98103  
    [legal@allenai.org](mailto:legal@allenai.org)
    
    If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Sites is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorney’s’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. For clarity, only DMCA Notices should go to the AI2 Designated Copyright Agent.
    
9. **APPLICABLE LAW AND VENUE** AI2 operates the Sites from Seattle, Washington, United States of America. These Terms of Use and your use of the Sites are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use will be filed only in the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms of Use. No action arising under or relating to these Terms of Use may be brought by either party more than one year.
    
10. **EXPORT CONTROL** By using the Sites, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country to which the United States has embargoed goods. You agree you will not export or re-export any goods or products unless you have complied with all applicable U.S. and foreign government export controls and approvals. AI2 makes no claim that content contained on the Sites is appropriate or may be downloaded outside the United States. If you access the Sites from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your country’s jurisdiction.
    
11. **TERMINATION** These Terms of Use shall remain in force until terminated by AI2. AI2 may terminate the Terms of Use, or suspend your access to all or part of the Sites, without notice, for any conduct that AI2, in its sole discretion, believes is disruptive or is in violation of any applicable law or these Terms of Use. In the event of any such termination, the provisions regarding disclaimers, limitations of liabilities, User Content, intellectual property rights, choice of law, and venue set forth in these Terms of Use shall survive.
    
12. **SEVERABILITY** If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
    
13. **LIMITATION ON TIME TO FILE CLAIMS** ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
    
14. **QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION** Questions or comments about the Sites may be directed to AI2 at the email address [legal@allenai.org](mailto:legal@allenai.org)