\# Terms of Use By visiting CyTube (https://cytu.be), you agree to abide by the following rules and policies. Violations of these policies are punishable by removal of access to the website and in some circumstances may also result in legal action. This document may be updated at any time without prior notice. ## DMCA CyTube operates in Seattle, WA, USA and hence complies with the Digital Millenium Copyright Act with respect to copyrighted content. \*\*Note that CyTube does not host audio or video content on its servers.\*\* Video and audio content are hosted on third-party websites and the links to such content are provided by users of the website. CyTube does not promote or endorse any video or audio content displayed on any channel. ### Copyright Holders If you in good faith believe that content is shared on CyTube without permission from the copyright holder, and this sharing is not protected by Fair Use, please send a properly formatted DMCA takedown notice (see \[17 U.S.C. ยง 512\](http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512)) to cyzon@cytu.be and CC xaekai@cytu.be. Please include "DMCA" in the subject line, and include the following information: \* The link to the page where this content is shared. \* Identification of the alleged infringing content. \* A digital or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. \* Your name, address, email address, and telephone number. \* A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the alleged infringing material is not authorized by the copyright owner, an authorized agent of the copyright owner, or United States law. \* A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. Upon receipt of a valid DMCA takedown notice, access to the content will be removed, and the user who shared the content will be notified of the takedown and their right to file a counter-notice. All DMCA takedown notices will have private information redacted and will be posted to the \[Lumen database\](https://lumendatabase.org/). A history of previous DMCA notices received is avilable \[here\](https://cytu.be/dmca/). ### Channel Owners Upon receipt of a DMCA takedown notice for content shared on a channel, a CyTube administrator will remove the infringing content from the channel and provide a copy of the takedown notice to the owner of the channel. If the owner believes that the takedown notice is invalid or mistaken, they may contact cyzon@cytu.be about the procedure for filing a counter-notice. Channels receiving multiple DMCA takedown notices, either for the same content or for different content, will be suspended or banned permanently, at the discretion of CyTube administrators. ## Use of YouTube API Services CyTube makes use of YouTube API Services in order to provide YouTube embed functionality. Use of YouTube-related features is subject to the \[YouTube Terms of Service\](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms). ## User Behavior \* Users must be at least 13 years old to register an account. \* Impersonating other users, including but not limited to website staff, is prohibited. \* Harassing other users is prohibited. \* Blackmailing, doxxing, or otherwise sharing personal information without permission is prohibited. \* Raiding, trolling, spamming, or otherwise disrupting channels is prohibited. \* Advertising other channels is allowed only with permission from the administrators of both the channel being advertised and the channel where the advertisement takes place. Blatant spamming of links to your channel in other channels will result in a permanent ban from the website. \* Attempting to disrupt the service or circumvent its security is prohibited. Please see the \[security policy\](security.md) for details. \* All users are required to abide by the rules of the below Channel Content policy when sharing content in any channel. ## Channel Content \* All content, including but not limited to embedded audio and video, images, and links to external content must be legal to view and share in the State of Washington, USA. \* Legal adult content, such as pornography, is permitted only in channels clearly marked as 18+ in the channel title, and only when all users of the channel are of legal age to view such content. Distribution of child pornography is strictly prohibited and will be reported to the relevant authorities. \* Sexualizing content involving minors, even if that content is otherwise legal, is prohibited. For example, channels in which users watch (legal) videos of children and make sexual remarks about those children are not allowed. \* Content must not attempt to circumvent the privacy or security measures of any user's web browser. Please see the \[security policy\](security.md) for details. \* Custom content (such as CSS and JavaScript) must not remove, obscure, modify, or otherwise interfere with any prompts or options that allow users to disable custom content (such as the channel JS accept/deny prompt or the custom embed warning). \* Custom content such as CSS and JavaScript may only be used with permission from the authors of such content. Copying customizations from other channels without permission is not allowed. \* Content must comply with the corresponding terms of service for the website which hosts the content. \* Content must not disrupt the service as a whole or the experience of individual users. \* Malicious or fraudulent content is prohibited. \* Advertisements are prohibited. \* Donation links to support individual channels are allowed, but only if clearly and visibly marked to inform users that the donation is supporting the channel and not the website as a whole. \*\*Note:\*\* In addition to these guidelines, please refer to the \[channel takedown policy\](channel-takedowns.md) for details about how reported content is handled. Please read this before complaining about your channel being unfairly banned. ## Bot Behavior Non-human users (bots) are allowed on the website, provided they comply with these rules \* Bots are only allowed in a channel with permission from the channel owner. \* Bots must rate limit their interaction with the server. In general, bots should send no more than 10 socket.io messages in one second. Use good judgement, and try to avoid placing unnecessary load on the server. ## Disclaimer of Liability \* Content on CyTube is provided "as-is". CyTube makes no warranties, express or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Furthermore, CyTube does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of content present on CyTube. In no event shall the authors or operators of CyTube be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in action of contract or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with CyTube or use of CyTube. \* CyTube permits users to share links, embedded content, or other content insofar as the shared content complies with this agreement, United States law, and where applicable, local laws. CyTube, its owners, and operators are not responsible for the content shared, or any consequences of sharing such content. CyTube does not endorse any user-provided content. Viewing shared content is done at the user's own risk.