[](https://copilot.money/)

[Download](https://copilot.money/download)

Terms of service
================

##### Last Updated: November 28, 2022

[See version from September 15, 2021](https://copilot.money/terms-of-service-2021-09-15)

[See version from December 20, 2019](https://copilot.money/terms-of-service-2019-12-20)

[See version from August 6, 2019](https://copilot.money/terms-of-service-2019-08-06)

Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Copilot Money, Inc. (“**Copilot**,” “**we**,” “**our**,” or “**us**”). These terms of service (“**Terms**”) establish the terms and conditions that apply to you when you use the Service (as defined below).

BY USING THE SERVICE OR BY CLICKING “I AGREE” YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, AS WELL AS ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE THE SERVICE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS. THESE TERMS CAN BE CHANGED, MODIFIED, SUPPLEMENTED, AND/OR UPDATED BY COPILOT AT ANY TIME. WE WILL TAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH PRIOR NOTICE OF ANY MATERIAL CHANGES TO THESE TERMS. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICE AFTER THE MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS MEANS THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL SUCH CHANGES. YOU SHOULD CONSULT THESE TERMS EACH TIME YOU ACCESS THE SERVICE TO VIEW ANY CHANGES. THESE TERMS WERE LAST MODIFIED AS OF THE DATE INDICATED ABOVE.

**AS DESCRIBED BELOW, THESE TERMS PROVIDE FOR THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND LIMIT THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE. YOU CAN OPT-OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE BY CONTACTING SUPPORT@COPILOT.MONEY WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER FIRST ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND STATING YOUR FIRST AND LAST NAME AND THAT YOU DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE.**

1\. **Use of the Service.**

A. **_Service_**. The “**Service**” includes Copilot’s website located at [https://www.copilot.money](https://www.copilot.money/) (“**Site**”), and Copilot’s related mobile applications (the “**Apps**”) as each may be updated, relocated, or otherwise modified from time to time, all content and services Copilot makes available through the Site or Apps, and all intellectual property contained therein. The Service is a personal finance information management tool that allows you to track and organize your finances, including through the aggregation of your financial account information (“**Account Data**”) from financial institutions and other third-party data sources you select and with whom you have a contractual relationship (“**Third-Party Data Sources**”). Any person who accesses and/or uses the Service, whether on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any third party, will be referred to herein as a “**Copilot User**.”

B. **_Service Restrictions_**. Your Copilot account is personal to you. You may not use the Service for commercial purposes. To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet.

C. **_License_**. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Copilot hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to download the Apps and access and use the Service, solely for your personal use and not for resale.

D. **_Authorization_**. By accessing and using the Service, you authorize and direct Copilot, as your agent and on your behalf, to electronically retrieve your Account Data from Third-Party Data Sources. Subject to our [Privacy Policy](https://copilot.money/privacy-policy), Copilot may work with one or more third-party financial service technology providers to access and retrieve your Account Data. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SOLELY TO OBTAIN AND PROVIDE THE ACCOUNT DATA TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICE, YOU GRANT COPILOT A LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY, AND APPOINT COPILOT AS YOUR ATTORNEY-IN-FACT AND AGENT, WITH FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION AND RE-SUBSTITUTION, FOR YOU AND IN YOUR NAME, PLACE AND STEAD, IN ALL CAPACITIES, TO ACCESS SITES, SERVERS, OR DOCUMENTS RELATED TO OR MAINTAINED BY THE THIRD-PARTY DATA SOURCES, RETRIEVE INFORMATION, AND USE YOUR INFORMATION WITH THE FULL POWER AND AUTHORITY TO PERFORM EVERY ACT AND THING REQUISITE AND NECESSARY TO BE DONE IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH ACTIVITIES, AS YOU COULD DO IN PERSON. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN COPILOT IS ACCESSING AND RETRIEVING ACCOUNT DATA FROM THIRD-PARTY DATA SOURCES, COPILOT IS ACTING AS YOUR AGENT, AND NOT AS THE AGENT OF OR ON BEHALF OF ANY THIRD PARTY. YOU AGREE THAT THIRD-PARTY DATA SOURCES WILL BE ENTITLED TO RELY ON THE FOREGOING AUTHORIZATION, AGENCY, AND POWER OF ATTORNEY GRANTED BY YOU. You understand that the Service is not endorsed or sponsored by any Third-Party Data Sources accessible through the Service.

E. **_Deactivation_**. Copilot may, at any time and without notice to you: (1) restrict, deactivate, and/or terminate your access to the Service (or any portion thereof); or (2) terminate or modify the Service (or any portion thereof). Copilot will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of or modification to the Service regardless of the reason for such termination or modification. If you are dissatisfied with any termination or modification of the Service, your only right is to terminate your use of the Service.

F. **_Privacy Policy_**. Copilot’s policy with respect to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information is described in our [Privacy Policy](https://copilot.money/privacy-policy). By accepting these Terms, you acknowledge your agreement with Copilot’s Privacy Policy.

2\. **Registration; Eligibility; Restrictions.**

A. **_Copilot Users._** To become a Copilot User, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information, as prompted by the applicable registration form.

B. **_Accuracy of Information._** You acknowledge that if you provide any information to us that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Copilot may terminate these Terms and your continued access and use of the Service.

C. **_Eligibility._** You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and that you have not been previously suspended or removed from the Service. THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 OR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY COPILOT. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.

D. **_Credentials_**. As part of the registration process, you may be asked to select a username and/or password or other login credentials. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your login credentials. You agree to notify Copilot immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. To notify us, contact us at support@copilot.money. You are responsible for all use of the Service occurring under your account and all content posted with your account on the Service. You are responsible for keeping your login credentials confidential and for notifying us if your login credentials have been hacked or stolen. Copilot will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your login credentials or account, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Copilot or another party due to someone else using your account or login credentials.

E. Your account, subscriptions, and memberships cannot be transferred or assigned. We reserve the right to accept, refuse, or cancel your account, subscription, or membership at any time in our sole discretion.

F. **_Your Responsibilities_**. You may use the Service solely for lawful purposes, as intended through the provided functionality of the Service. You may not use the Service in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair our servers or networks, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Service. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, user accounts, or computer systems or networks, through hacking, password mining, or any other means. Without limiting any of the foregoing, you may not (and you may not allow or assist any third party to):

(1) use, copy, install, transfer, or distribute the Service, except as specifically described in these Terms;

(2) modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Service;

(3) remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Service or in or on any content or other material obtained through the Service or the use of the Service;

(4) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;

(5) reformat, mirror, or frame any portion of the web pages that are part of the Service;

(6) express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent in each instance;

(7) transmit any software or other materials that contain any virus, worm, time bomb, Trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive component;

(8) use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents;

(9) harvest or collect information about other Copilot Users without their prior written consent;

(10) undertake, cause, permit, or authorize the translation, reverse engineering, disassembling, or hacking of any aspect of the Service, or attempt to do any of the foregoing, except and solely to the extent described in these Terms, the Service’s authorized features, or by law, or otherwise attempt to use or access any portion of the Service other than as intended by Copilot;

(11) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, Copilot’s (and its service providers’) computer systems and infrastructure, or the technical delivery systems of Copilot’s service providers;

(12) harass, abuse, harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person or group, including Copilot employees, and other Copilot Users;

(13) solicit, or attempt to solicit, personal information from other Copilot Users, except as permitted through the Service’s functionality;

(14) restrict, discourage, or inhibit any person from using the Service, disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of such person, or collect information about Copilot Users;

(15) gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Copilot Users’ accounts, names, or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service;

(16) violate any applicable federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or these Terms;

(17) use the Service for any illegal, inappropriate, and/or unauthorized conduct, including using the Service to contact other Copilot Users for sexual or other inappropriate purposes, or using the Service in violation of Copilot’s or any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights; or

(18) use or access the Service to build a competing service.

We may take any legal action and implement any technical remedies to prevent the violation of these provisions and to enforce these Terms.

3\. **Consent to Electronic Communications.**

A. **_Consent to Electronic Communications_**. By using the Service or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. We may give notice by any means of communication reasonably anticipated to notify you of the information provided. You agree that all notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing or be delivered in a particular manner. You agree that you have the ability to store such electronic communications such that they remain accessible to you in an unchanged form. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an email to you, if we have your email address. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please write to us at support@copilot.money.

B. **_Push Notifications_**. When you register with Copilot, Copilot will send you automatic and voluntary push notifications based on the notification preferences you have selected (“**Notifications**”). Some Notifications may be turned on by default. By using the Service, you agree to receive Notifications regarding your use of the Service and your Account Data. While Notifications are intended to enhance your use of the Service, you may disable Notifications on your device. Depending on which Notifications you elect to receive, Notifications may contain sensitive information.

C. **_Opt Out_**. If you wish to remove yourself from any list (except as described in Section 3.B (Push Notifications)), please email us at unsubscribe@copilot.money with “OPT-OUT”, “UNSUBSCRIBE”, “STOP”, or “REMOVE” in the subject line, or click the “unsubscribe” link in an email you have received from us.

D. **_Message Delivery_**. Copilot cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. We may not be able to transmit a Notification to you in a timely and accurate manner. We have no liability for transmission delays or Notification failures, for any erroneous content in a Notification, or for any actions taken or not taken in reliance on a Notification.

4\. **Content Submitted to the Service.**

A. **_Materials_**. By sending or transmitting to us information, opinions, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, or other materials (collectively, “**Materials**”), or by posting such Materials to any area of the Service, you grant Copilot and its designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, and import such Materials in any media now known or hereafter developed, for the purpose of providing, enhancing, and developing the Service, without compensation to you. We will never use your name in connection with any of your Materials that we use in our own advertising and marketing materials without obtaining your prior consent. You hereby waive any moral rights or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship regarding Materials that you may have under applicable law. None of the Materials will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution, or otherwise, on our part and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Materials. Copilot may remove or alter any Materials at any time for any reason. We neither endorse nor are responsible for any opinion, advice, information, or statement made or displayed on the Service by any Copilot User. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions in articles or postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages, or for any results obtained from the use of such information. Under no circumstances will Copilot and/or its affiliates, suppliers, or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information obtained through the Service. We cannot and do not take responsibility for the veracity, reliability, or completeness of any opinion, advice, information, or statement available on the Service.

B. **_Monitoring_**. We have the right (but not the obligation) to: (1) monitor the Service and Materials; (2) alter or remove any Materials; and (3) disclose Materials and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party in order to operate the Service, protect ourselves, our sponsors, and our members and visitors, and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. If you believe any content violates our member policies, please contact Copilot immediately at support@copilot.money so that we can consider its editing or removal.

C. **_Rights in Materials_**. You are solely responsible for your Materials and the consequences of posting them on the Service. By posting Materials, you represent, warrant, and covenant that: (1) you are the creator and owner of the Materials or otherwise have sufficient rights and authority to grant the rights granted herein; (2) your Materials do not and will not: (a) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; or (b) slander, defame, or libel any other person; (3) your Materials do not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other harmful or malicious code; and (4) unless you have received prior written authorization, your Materials do not contain any confidential information of any third party. We reserve all rights and remedies against any Copilot Users who breach these representations and warranties.

5\. **Payment Terms and Order Processing.**

A. **_Fees_**. Access to the Service, or certain features of the Service, may require you to pay fees on a subscription basis, and may provide you the option to activate recurring automatic payments for those fees. Before you pay any fees, including before activating or updating any recurring payments, you will have an opportunity to review the fees that you will be charged before you accept them. If you purchase a recurring subscription, you authorize Copilot or its third-party service providers to periodically charge you for an automatically renewing subscription requiring recurring payments at the stated frequency (e.g., monthly or annual) (each a “Subscription Period”) until cancelled. You will be charged your first subscription fee and any applicable taxes (“Subscription Fee”) on the date you purchase your subscription or after your free trial ends. Your subscription will automatically continue at the selected interval, and you will continue to be charged at the then-current price (including any applicable taxes), unless at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription period: (a) you terminate your account; (b) you cancel your subscription (as described below); (c) we decline to renew your subscription; or (d) these Terms are otherwise properly terminated as expressly permitted herein. The Subscription Fee is non-refundable except as expressly set forth in these Terms or in accordance with applicable law.

If any Subscription Fee is not paid in a timely manner, or your transaction cannot be processed, we reserve the right to suspend, disable, cancel or terminate your access to the Service or cancel your subscription. You will be responsible for paying all past due amounts. We may receive updated credit card information (new credit card number or updated expiration date) from your credit card issuer. We may use these new details in order to help prevent any interruption to the Services. If you would like to use a different payment method or if there is a change in payment method, please visit the settings area of your account or app store to update your billing information.

By using our Service, you agree to the pricing, payment, and billing policies in effect at the time when the fee becomes payable. Please note that we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering.

B. **_Authorization to Charge for the Service_**. You must provide accurate and complete information for a valid payment method that you are authorized to use (such as a credit card, payment via an app store, or other payment method accepted by us to activate and maintain a paid account). You authorize us to charge you through the payment method that you use when you register for access to the Service. You are also responsible for charges for any additional features or purchases made through your account that are offered for sale through our Service. All fees are in U.S. Dollars and are non-refundable. Copilot (or its third-party service providers) may change the fees for the Service or any feature of the Service.

If we do not receive payment via your payment method, you agree to pay all amounts due hereunder upon our demand and will be solely responsible for any dispute with your payment provider. If the payment method you provide is initially declined for any reason, we reserve the right to charge the payment method (credit card or other accepted mechanism) in installments, at the non-promotional/non-discounted rate that is in place at the time, for the full duration of the subscription that you have selected. You bear sole responsibility for all overdraft fees or other penalties that may be assessed by your payment provider. You are responsible for any use of your credit card or other payment instrument.

C. **_Apple Subscription Management_**. If you purchased your subscription through the Apple App Store, your subscription is managed by the Apple App Store directly. Copilot does not have the ability to manage your subscription on your behalf, including initiating, canceling, or refunding your subscriptions. You may manage your subscription or turn off auto-renewal by going to the Account Settings screen in the App Store app on your Apple device after purchase. You should consult with the Apple App Store to determine if the price charged includes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges.

D. **_Cancellation_**. When you cancel a subscription, you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. You may initiate your cancellation at any time, but the cancellation will become effective at the end of your current Subscription Period. In order to avoid future charges, you must cancel your subscription at least 24 hours before the end of your current Subscription Period. If you purchased through Copilot directly, you may cancel within your account settings. Alternatively, if you email us at support@copilot.money at least 24 hours before the end of your current Subscription Period, we will do our best to implement the cancellation prior to your next renewal; if we cannot, we can offer you a refund for that inadvertent renewal. If you purchased through a third party (e.g., app store), you must cancel through that third party. Purchases through third parties are subject to that third party’s cancellation policies and procedures.

After canceling a subscription, you will continue to have access to the Service for the remainder of your current Subscription Period for which you have already paid (unless we provide you with a refund or otherwise allow you to use the unused portion towards another service, product, or subscription).

E. **Limited Refund Period**. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN OR REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FEE IS NONREFUNDABLE. If you (i) purchased through Copilot directly, (ii) cancel your subscription within one month of your initial purchase, and (iii) email us at support@copilot.money to request a refund within five days of cancelling, we will provide you with a full refund for that subscription. Unless required by applicable law, if you cancel your subscription outside of that period, you are not entitled to receive any refund or credit, full or partial. We reserve the right to issue refunds, credits, or discounts at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund, credit, or discount, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. If you purchased through a third party, your ability to receive a refund is governed by that third party’s policies and procedures.

F. **Free Trial and Promotional Rates**. Copilot may offer promotional trial periods during which you can use the Service for free or at a promotional rate. Such trial or promotional trial periods are subject to these Terms except as otherwise stated in the promotional offer, including which users are eligible for the promotional subscription. Eligibility is initially determined at the time of the order. Free trial and promotional rates cannot be applied retroactively.

If your subscription includes a free trial, you will not be charged the applicable fee during your free trial. To obtain the free trial, you will be required to provide a credit card or other payment method in order to ensure uninterrupted access and continued use after the free trial ends. Upon completion of your free trial, your subscription will automatically convert into a paid subscription and your payment method will be charged the Subscription Fee unless you have cancelled your subscription. You may cancel your subscription during your free trial to avoid being charged as described above.

If your subscription includes a promotional rate, you will be charged the promotional rate for the relevant number of Subscription Periods and upon completion of the final promotional Subscription Period, your subscription will continue to automatically renew at the full rate. To cancel and avoid being charged the full rate, you must notify us before the discount or promotional period ends.

If a stated price or other material information is determined by us in our sole discretion to be in error, we are not under any obligation to offer you the Service at that price and reserve the right to cancel, terminate or not process orders (including accepted orders). We will notify you of the error and either provide you with a refund or give you the opportunity to cancel your order and obtain a refund if payment has already been made.

You may only be permitted to use one free trial or discounted price offer. You may not be permitted to combine the promotional offer with any other promotion, except as otherwise stated in the promotional offer. If your subscription is ever cancelled or terminated for any reason, and you purchase an additional subscription, you may not be eligible for a free trial or to take advantage of another discounted price offer.

G. **Termination**. We may terminate your subscription at our sole discretion and without any notice. If we cancel your subscription, we may give you a prorated refund based on the amount of time remaining that you cannot use, provided, however, that we will not be obligated to grant you a refund if we terminate your account or your subscription because we determine, in our sole discretion, that your actions or your use of the Service violates these Terms, any applicable law, or has harmed Copilot or another user or entity.

Upon termination or cancellation of your subscription, you may lose access to the products, content, features, and work-product provided to you or created by you in relation to the Service.

H. **Changes to the Subscription or Service**. We may change the subscription terms or Subscription Fees at any time on a going forward basis in our discretion. If the pricing for your subscription increases, we will notify you, and provide you an opportunity to change or cancel your subscription before applying those changes to your account or charging you in connection with an automatic renewal. We may choose in our sole discretion to add, modify, or remove benefits and features from a subscription. If you do not cancel your subscription prior to the time the modifications become effective, you agree to the changes. If you do not wish to continue subscribing with the new fees or features, you may cancel your subscription. If you accept the new subscription, its terms and conditions will apply for that renewal and all renewals going forward.

6\. **Term and Termination.**

A. **_Term_**. The term of these Terms will commence on the date on which you first access or utilize the Service in any way and will continue so long as you continue to access or utilize the Service, unless earlier terminated by Copilot.

B. **_Termination and Other Remedies_**. Copilot may take whatever lawful actions it may deem appropriate in response to actual or suspected violations of these Terms including termination of these Terms, the suspension or termination of your access and/or account, or blocking you from access to the Service.

C. **_Effect of Termination_**. The following Sections of these Terms will survive termination or expiration of these Terms: 1.A, 1.B, 1.D, 1.E, 1.F, 2, 4, 5, 6.C, and 7–27. Payments by you, which accrue or are due before termination or expiration of these Terms, will continue to be payable by you, and amounts owed to Copilot at the time of such termination or expiration, will continue to be owed by you after such expiration or termination.

7\. **Ownership.**

A. **_Proprietary Information_**. You acknowledge and agree that: (1) the Service, including any content, modifications, enhancements and updates, and any originals and copies thereof, in whole or in part, and all intellectual property rights therein (collectively, “**Proprietary Information**”), is owned by Copilot and its licensors, as applicable; (2) the Proprietary Information contains valuable copyrighted and proprietary material of Copilot; (3) the Proprietary Information is licensed, rather than sold, to you pursuant to these Terms; and (4) you have no rights in the Proprietary Information, other than the rights and licenses specifically granted to you pursuant to these Terms.

B. **_Trademarks_**. You acknowledge that Copilot has acquired, and is the owner of, common law or registered trademark rights in the name and word mark “Copilot” and in the other marks and design marks displayed on the Service. You acknowledge that this name and these marks are famous and internationally known. You will not, at any time or for any reason, challenge the validity of, or Copilot’s ownership of, the foregoing name and marks, and you waive any rights you may have at any time to do so. You may not use our name or marks in connection with any product or service that is not ours, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion. All use of the foregoing name and marks by you will inure exclusively to the benefit of Copilot. All marks shown on the Service but not owned by Copilot are the property of their respective owners.

8\. **Disclaimer of Warranty.**

A. **_DISCLAIMER_**. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, BECAUSE OF THE NATURE OF THE INTERNET, MOBILE NETWORKS, AND THE DEVICES WHICH ACCESS THE INTERNET AND/OR MOBILE NETWORKS, THE SERVICE MAY NOT BE ACCESSIBLE WHEN NEEDED, AND THAT INFORMATION, DATA, AUDIO, AND VIDEO TRANSMITTED OVER THE INTERNET AND/OR MOBILE NETWORKS MAY BE SUBJECT TO INTERRUPTION OR THIRD-PARTY INTERCEPTION AND MODIFICATION. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, COPILOT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, AND ABSENCE OF VIRUSES AND DAMAGING OR DISABLING CODE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NONE OF COPILOT, ITS AFFILIATES OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, COPILOT’S CONTENT PROVIDERS, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND/OR CONTRACTORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “**COPILOT PARTIES**”) WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICE. COPILOT CANNOT AND DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, OR LIABILITIES ARISING FROM THE FAILURE OF ANY TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE, THE INTERNET, OR FOR YOUR MISUSE OF ANY CONTENT AND INFORMATION ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND YOUR RELIANCE UPON ANY OF THE RESPECTIVE CONTENT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER COPILOT NOR ITS LICENSORS WILL BE CONSIDERED AN “EXPERT” UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. NEITHER COPILOT NOR ITS LICENSORS WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY, THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, OR ANY SIMILAR ORGANIZATION OR REGULATOR OR WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

B. **_Third-Party Information_**. NEITHER COPILOT NOR ANY ENTITY WHOSE INFORMATION IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY OF INFORMATION, DATA, OR CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO PRICES, QUOTES, EQUITY SALES, OTHER MARKET INFORMATION, AND INFORMATION DERIVED FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION (“MARKET DATA”) THAT ARE DISPLAYED OR REPORTED THROUGH THE SERVICE. Copilot does not guarantee or make any warranty of any kind, express, or implied, regarding the timeliness, sequence, accuracy, completeness, usefulness, reliability, or content of Market Data. You agree to use Market Data and the Service at your own risk. You agree that neither Copilot nor any entity whose information is made available through the Service will be held liable for any loss arising out of relating to: (i) any inaccuracy, defect, or omission in Market Data, (ii) any error or delay in the transmission of Market Data, or (iii) interruption in any Market Data service. You also acknowledge that any information you obtain from another Copilot User comes from those individuals, and not from Copilot, and that Copilot, to the fullest extent permitted by law, is not in any way responsible for any of the information these third parties may supply or for any statements, claims, or representations they may make. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Copilot disclaims any such statements, claims, or representations and the same do not expand or otherwise modify these Terms. If you are dissatisfied with the Service, your sole and exclusive remedy is to stop accessing and using the Service.

C. **_Account Data_**. COPILOT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY OF THE ACCOUNT DATA OBTAINED FROM THIRD-PARTY DATA SOURCES THAT ARE DISPLAYED OR REPORTED THROUGH THE SERVICE. COPILOT DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO RETRIEVE YOUR ACCOUNT DATA FROM ANY THIRD-PARTY DATA SOURCE. If you believe any Account Data is inaccurate or outdated, you should contact the applicable Third-Party Data Source. By using the Service, you acknowledge that the investment results you could obtain from financial insights provided by Copilot cannot be guaranteed. All investments entail a risk of loss and you may lose money. You also understand that all investments are subject to various economic, political, and other risks. While the Service may assist you in helping you manage your finances, you should consult with a professional financial advisor before making investment decisions or deciding on significant changes to your personal financial strategy. Any information provided by or through the Service does not constitute financial, investment, legal, accounting, tax, or other advice.

9\. **Limitation of Liability.**

A. **_LIMITATION_**. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (1) EACH COPILOT USER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR: (A) HIS OR HER USE OF THE SERVICE; AND (B) ANY DAMAGES INCURRED BY HIM OR HER OR ANY THIRD PARTY THAT ARISE FROM OR ARE RELATED TO THE SERVICE; (2) THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COPILOT PARTIES FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DAMAGES PROVED, AND NOT TO EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR $100; AND (3) NONE OF THE COPILOT PARTIES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF SUCH COPILOT PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

B. **_INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION_**. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY INVESTIGATED THE ADVISABILITY OF USING THE SERVICE AND THE POSSIBLE RISKS INVOLVED IN USING THE SERVICE. YOU AGREE TO MAINTAIN YOUR OWN INSURANCE COVERING SUCH RISKS AND WILL LOOK SOLELY TO SUCH INSURANCE FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF ANY RESULTING DAMAGES.

10\. **Third-Party Disputes**. COPILOT IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY OTHER COPILOT USER, CARRIER, SERVICE PROVIDER, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE, AND ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY OTHER COPILOT USER, CARRIER, SERVICE PROVIDER, THIRD-PARTY SERVICE, OR OTHER THIRD PARTY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING YOUR EMPLOYER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE COPILOT (AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURERS, AND EMPLOYEES) FROM ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.

11\. **Force Majeure**.Any computer system, service, or electronic device, whether it is yours, an internet service provider’s, a mobile network operator’s, or ours, can experience unanticipated outages, slowdowns, or capacity limitations. As a result of high internet traffic volume, transmission problems, systems capacity limitations, and other problems, you may experience difficulty accessing the Service or communicating with us through the internet or other electronic and wireless services. The Service may be unavailable during system maintenance, for security precautions, or when interrupted by circumstances beyond our control. Copilot will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform any obligation herein if the delay or failure is due to any of the foregoing or for any other unforeseen events that are beyond Copilot’s reasonable control, such as strikes, blockade, war, terrorism, riots, natural disasters, epidemic, or governmental action.

12\. **Indemnification.**

A. **_Indemnity_**_._ To the fullest extent permitted by law, you will defend, indemnify, and hold the Copilot Parties harmless against any loss or damage of any kind (including attorneys’ fees and lost revenues) arising from: (1) any breaches by you of these Terms or any representation, warranty, or covenant contained in these Terms; (2) any use of the Service not specifically authorized in these Terms or on the Service; and (3) any claims and actions against any Copilot Party by other parties to whom you allow access to the Service.

B. **_Procedure_**. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. You will not, in any event, settle any such claim or matter without our written consent.

13\. **Additional Service Features.**

A. **_Access to Third-Party Services_**. The Service may contain information on products and services provided by third parties and links (including advertisements) to third-party websites (collectively, “**Third-Party Services**”). Third-Party Services are provided only as a convenience to Copilot Users. Copilot does not review or control Third-Party Services, and Copilot does not make any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding Third-Party Services. Inclusion of any Third-Party Services in the Service does not constitute or imply an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by or with Copilot with respect to any Third-Party Services. Copilot is under no obligation to maintain any link on the Service and may remove a link at any time in its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever.

B. **_Third-Party Integrations_**. The Service may allow you to connect, integrate, or sync with your Copilot account certain accounts provided by or retrieve information maintained by third-parties with whom you have a customer relationship, maintain an account, or engage in financial transactions (“**Third-Party Integrations**”). Copilot may use third-party data sources to assist in facilitating Third-Party Integrations and collect and sync data from Third-Party Integrations (“**Third-Party Integration Data**”). Copilot does not review Third-Party Integration Data for accuracy, legality or non-infringement. Copilot is not responsible for Third-Party Integration Data or products and services offered by or on third-party sites. Copilot cannot always foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties which may result in failure to obtain data or loss of data, and personalization settings, or from device operating environment malfunctions or other service interruptions. Copilot cannot assume responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for connecting, integrating, and syncing with Third-Party Integrations. For example, you may be required to provide valid credentials for the Third-Party Integration. You may also be required to generate authentication codes, keys, or other tools to connect with a Third-Party Integration. We may provide tools to facilitate such connections and/or guides detailing a process for facilitating such connections, but you are entirely responsible for arranging such connections in an accurate, complete, and secure manner. You agree that Copilot disclaims any responsibility or liability for and that Copilot will not be held liable for any loss arising out of relating to your connection to a Third-Party Integration.

C. **_Disclaimer of Liability for Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations_**. Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations may have their own terms of use and privacy policies, and your use of the Service may incur third-party fees, such as fees charged by your carrier for data usage. You are solely responsible for reviewing and complying with any terms of use, privacy policies, or other terms governing your use of Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations, and you are solely responsible for all of Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations fees incurred by you for use of the Service. You are solely responsible for taking the precautions necessary to protect yourself from fraud when using Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations, and to protect your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content that may be included on or with any Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations. Copilot disclaims any responsibility or liability for any harm resulting from your use of Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Copilot with respect to any Third-Party Services and Third-Party Integrations.

14\. **Dispute Resolution.**

A. **_Generally_**. In the interest of resolving disputes between you and Copilot in the most expedient and cost-effective manner, you and Copilot agree that any dispute arising out of or in any way related to these Terms or your use of the Service will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or in any way related to these Terms or your use of the Service, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the expiration or termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND COPILOT ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION. YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THESE DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS WILL APPLY TO YOU AND COPILOT UNLESS YOU CHOOSE TO OPT OUT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14.I (OPT OUT).

Whether to agree to arbitration is an important business decision. It is your decision to make, and you should not rely solely on the information provided in these Terms as it is not intended to contain a complete explanation of the consequences of arbitration. You should take further steps to conduct research and to consult with others, including an attorney, regarding the consequences of your decision, just as you would when making any other important business or life decision.

B. **_Exceptions_**. Despite the provisions of Section 14.A (Generally), nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (1) bring an individual action in small claims court; (2) bring an action in a court pursuant to the California Private Attorneys General Act of 2004, California Labor Code § 2698 et seq.; (3) seek injunctive relief in a court of law; or (4) file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.

C. **_Arbitrator_**. Any arbitration between you and Copilot will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, and governed by the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “**AAA Rules**”) of the American Arbitration Association (“**AAA**”), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Copilot. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.

D. **_Notice; Process_**. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by U.S. Mail within the applicable statute of limitations period (“**Notice**”). Copilot’s address for Notice is: 45 Tudor City Place, Apt 1118, New York, NY 10017. The Notice must: (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (2) set forth the specific relief sought (“**Demand**”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Copilot may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Copilot must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Copilot will pay you the highest of the following: (a) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any; (b) the last written settlement amount offered by Copilot in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (c) $1,000.

E. **_Fees_**. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, Copilot will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $15,000 or as set forth below, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Wilmington, Delaware, but if the claim is for $15,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (1) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (2) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (3) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse Copilot for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.

F. **_No Class Actions_**. YOU AND COPILOT AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING (OTHER THAN ACTIONS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA PRIVATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL ACT OF 2004, CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE § 2698 ET SEQ. WHICH ARE NOT COVERED BY THIS SECTION 14 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION)). Unless both you and Copilot agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.

G. **_Modifications to this Arbitration Provision_**. If Copilot makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to Copilot’s address for Notice, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Copilot’s address for Notice, in which case this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected, will continue to govern any disputes between you and Copilot. If you do not send such written notice, your continued use of the Service following any such change means that you have consented to such change.

H. **_Enforceability_**. If Section 14.F (No Class Actions) is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution) is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution) will be null and void and the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17 (Governing Law; Choice of Forum) will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms or your use of the Service.

I. **_Opt Out_**. Arbitration is not a mandatory condition of these Terms. If you do not want to be subject to this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution), you may opt out of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution) by notifying Copilot in writing of your decision by sending, within 30 days of the date you receive these Terms, an electronic message to support@copilot.money, stating clearly your full name and intent to opt out of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution). Should you choose not to opt out of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution) within the 30-day period, you and Copilot will be bound by the terms of this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution). You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution). You understand that you will not be subject to retaliation if you exercise your right to opt out of coverage under this Section 14 (Dispute Resolution).

15\. **Cooperation with Authorities**. Copilot may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Except as may be expressly limited by the Privacy Policy, Copilot may disclose any information as Copilot deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Copilot’s sole discretion.

16\. **Protected Activity Not Prohibited**. To the extent permitted by applicable law, nothing in these Terms will in any way limit or prohibit you from filing a charge or complaint with, or otherwise communicating or cooperating with or participating in, any investigation or proceeding (“**Protected Activity**”) that may be conducted by any federal, state, or local government agency or commission (“**Government Agencies**”). In connection with such Protected Activity, you are permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, Copilot. In making any such disclosures or communications, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Copilot confidential information to any parties other than the Government Agencies.

17\. **Governing Law; Choice of Forum**. The laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern these Terms and your use of the Service. Your use of the Service may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws; provided, however, that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to any provision of these Terms. To the extent that any action relating to any dispute hereunder is permitted to be brought in a court of law, such action will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York and you hereby irrevocably submit to personal jurisdiction in such courts, and waive any defense of inconvenient forum.

18\. **Feedback**. If you provide any feedback to Copilot concerning the functionality and performance of the Service (including identifying potential errors and improvements), you hereby assign to Copilot all right, title, and interest in and to such feedback, and Copilot is free to use such feedback without payment or restriction.

19\. **Entire Agreement; Variation**. These Terms and the Privacy Policy set forth the entire agreement between Copilot and you with respect to the Service. These Terms supersede and govern all previous oral and written communications regarding these matters, all of which are merged into these Terms. No usage of trade or other regular practice or method of dealing between the parties will be used to modify, interpret, supplement, or alter these Terms.

20\. **Severability**. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, such provisions will be modified, or if not possible, severed, to reflect the fullest valid, legal, and enforceable expression of the intent of the parties, and the remainder of these Terms will not be affected thereby.

21\. **Relationship of Parties**. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to create an employer-employee relationship between Copilot and you, nor any agency, joint venture, or partnership relationship between the parties. Neither party will have the right to bind the other to any obligation, nor have the right to incur any liability on behalf of the other.

22\. **Waiver**. No delay, omission, or failure to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms will be deemed to be a waiver thereof or an acquiescence to the event giving rise to such right or remedy, or a waiver of or acquiescence to any other right, remedy, or event.

23\. **Assignment**. Neither these Terms nor any of the rights granted to you herein may be assigned or transferred by you, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the express prior written permission of Copilot and any attempt to do so will be null and void. Copilot may assign or transfer these Terms at any time without your permission.

24\. **Third-Party Beneficiaries**. The provisions of these Terms relating to the rights of Copilot service providers are intended for the benefit of such service providers, and such service providers, as third-party beneficiaries, will be entitled to enforce such provisions in accordance with these Terms, irrespective of the fact that they are not parties to these Terms.

25\. **Export Controls**. You hereby represent and warrant that: (A) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (B) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

26\. **Interpretation**. If Copilot provides a translation of the English language version of these Terms, the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version will prevail. Any heading, caption, or section title contained in these Terms is for convenience only, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision. Any use of the term “including” or variations thereof in this Agreement shall be construed as if followed by the phrase “without limitation.”

27\. **NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA USERS**. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, Copilot Users located in California are entitled to the following notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

28\. **NOTICE REGARDING APPLE.** You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Copilot only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Service or the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. In the event of any failure of the Service to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the relevant Service to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Service. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the Service or your possession and use of the Service infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Service. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary of these Terms. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. If Copilot provides a translation of the English language version of these Terms, the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version will prevail.

[Download](https://copilot.money/download)

For Mac, iPhone, and iPad

[##### Developer Spotlight

Get a look behind the scenes](https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=m1mmw99d)

[##### Country Leaderboard

Cast your vote](https://copilot.money/country-leaderboard)

[##### Offer Copilot to employees

Fill out our interest form](https://copilotmoney.typeform.com/to/jW5VJx69)

[](https://copilot.money/)

##### Supercharge your savings and investments

© Copyright 2024 Copilot Money, Inc.  
Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.

##### Explore

* [Features](https://copilot.money/#features "Features")
* [Pricing](https://copilot.money/#pricing "Pricing")
* [Reviews](https://copilot.money/#reviews "Reviews")
* [Team](https://copilot.money/#mission "Team")

##### Useful links

* [Privacy & Security](https://copilot.money/privacy-and-security)
* [Help center](https://help.copilot.money/)
* [Terms of service](https://copilot.money/terms-of-service)
* [Privacy policy](https://copilot.money/privacy-policy)

##### More about Copilot

* [Intelligence](https://intelligence.copilot.money/)
* [Changelog](https://changelog.copilot.money/)
* [Careers](https://careers.copilot.money/)

[](https://twitter.com/copilotmoney)[](https://www.instagram.com/copilotmoney)

[hello@copilot.money](mailto:hello@copilot.money)