[PDF24](https://en.pdf24.org/en/)

[PDF24 Creator](https://tools.pdf24.org/en/creator "To PDF24 Creator")

[PDF24 Tools](https://tools.pdf24.org/en/ "To the PDF24 Tools")

[PDF24 Fax](https://fax.pdf24.org/ "To PDF24 Fax")

PDF24 Privacy Policy
====================

As of: 08.05.2024

THIS AUTOMATIC TRANSLATION (GENERATED BY DEEPL) IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY! THE LEGALLY BINDING DOCUMENT IS THE GERMAN VERSION.

Thank you very much for your interest in our Company. Data protection is very important for the geek software GmbH. Use of the geek Software GmbH website is generally prohibited. without giving any personal data. If a person concerned special services of our company via our website the processing of personal data could, however, lead to the processing of personal data. become necessary. If the processing of personal data is required and if there is no legal basis for such processing, we obtain generally consent of the person concerned.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject, is always carried out in accordance with the Basic Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to geek Software GmbH. By means of this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the public about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data collected, used and processed by us. Furthermore, data subjects will be informed of their rights by means of this data protection declaration.

geek Software GmbH has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures as the person responsible for the processing in order to ensure that the personal data processed via this website is protected as completely as possible. Furthermore, all necessary measures are taken to keep your personal data private and secure. Only authorized employees or employees of third-party companies (e.g. service providers) have access to your personal data. All employees of geek Software GmbH who have access to your personal data are obliged to comply with the data protection guidelines of geek Software GmbH. Furthermore, there are contracts with third parties who have access to your personal data in order to guarantee the security of this data. All data transmissions to and from our servers, which process personal data, are encrypted via SSL.

Definitions
-----------

The data protection declaration of geek Software GmbH is based on the terms used by the European guideline and regulation provider for the adoption of the basic data protection regulation (DS-GVO). Our data protection declaration should be easy to read and understand both for the public and for our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to explain the terms used in advance.

We use the following terms, among others, in this data protection declaration:

### Personal data

Personal data are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"). Identifiable is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics that express the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

### Affected individual

Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data are processed by the controller.

### Processing

Processing means any operation or series of operations carried out with or without the aid of automated procedures in relation to personal data, such as the collection, collection, organisation, sorting, storage, adaptation or alteration, reading, retrieval, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, erasure or destruction.

### Restriction of processing

Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing.

### Profiling

Profiling is any form of automated processing of personal data consisting in the use of such personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects relating to the performance of work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or relocation of that natural person.

### Pseudonymisation

Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures which ensure that the personal data are not assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person.

### Data controller

The data controller or controller is the natural or legal person, public authority, institution or other body which alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. Where the purposes and means of such processing are laid down by Union law or by the law of the Member States, the controller or the specific criteria for his appointment may be laid down in accordance with Union law or the law of the Member States.

### Data processing company

Processor is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the data controller.

### Recipient

Recipient is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body to which personal data is disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party or not. However, authorities which may receive personal data under Union law or the law of the Member States within the framework of a particular investigation mandate shall not be regarded as recipients.

### Third party

A third party is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body other than the data subject, the data processor, the data processor and the persons authorised to process the personal data under the direct responsibility of the data processor or the data processor.

### Consent

Consent shall mean any informed and unequivocal expression of will voluntarily given by the data subject in the particular case in the form of a declaration or other clear affirmative act by which the data subject indicates his or her consent to the processing of personal data concerning him or her.

### Website

All the individual pages and sub-pages operated by the controller.

Name and address of the controller
----------------------------------

geek Software GmbH  
Friedrichstr. 171  
10117 Berlin  
Deutschland  
E-Mail: team@pdf24.org

Cookies
-------

The geek Software GmbH website uses cookies. Cookies are text files which are stored on a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a string of characters through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This enables the visited Internet pages and servers to distinguish the individual browser of the person concerned from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A particular Internet browser can be recognized and identified by its unique cookie ID.

By using cookies, geek Software GmbH can provide users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without cookies.

Cookies that are not technically necessary for the operation of our website are only set if you give your consent before visiting our website. You can choose whether you want to allow or disable individual or all cookies. Once you have given your consent, you can revoke it at any time.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized for the user. Cookies enable us, as already mentioned, to recognize the users of our website. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to use our website. For example, the user of a website that uses cookies does not have to re-enter his access data each time he visits the website because this is taken over by the website and the cookie stored on the user's computer system.

The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Furthermore, cookies that have already been set can be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all common internet browsers. If the person concerned deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our Internet pages may be fully usable.

Collection of general data and information
------------------------------------------

The geek Software GmbH website collects a series of general data and information each time a person or an automated system accesses it. This general data and information is stored in the log files of the server. We may record the types and versions of browsers used, the operating system used by the accessing system, the website from which an accessing system accesses our website (so-called referrer), the subwebsites which are accessed via an accessing system on our website, the date and time of access to the website, an Internet protocol address (IP address), the Internet service provider of the accessing system and other similar data and information which serve to avert danger in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using this general data and information, geek Software GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Rather, this information is required to correctly deliver the contents of our website, to optimize the contents of our website as well as the advertising for it, to ensure the permanent functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website and to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in the event of a cyber attack. These anonymously collected data and information are therefore evaluated by geek Software GmbH statistically and with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company in order to ultimately ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data processed by us. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a person concerned.

The data is stored in server log files in a form that makes it possible to identify the data subjects for a maximum period of 14 days, unless a security-relevant event occurs (e.g. a DDoS attack). In the event of a security-relevant event, server log files are stored until the security-relevant event has been eliminated and fully clarified.

Registration on our website
---------------------------

The data subject may register on the website of the controller, providing personal data. The personal data transferred to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller and for the data subject's own purposes. The controller may arrange for the data to be transferred to one or more processors, who shall also use the personal data exclusively for internal use attributable to the controller.

Furthermore, the IP address assigned by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) to the data subject, the date and time of registration are stored when the data subject registers on the data controller's website. This data is stored against the background that this is the only way to prevent misuse of our services and, if necessary, to enable us to investigate criminal offences committed. In this respect, the storage of this data is necessary to protect the data controller. This data will not be passed on to third parties unless required to do so by law or for the purpose of criminal prosecution.

Registration of the data subject with the voluntary provision of personal data serves the controller to offer the data subject content or services which, by their nature, can only be offered to registered users. Registered persons are free to modify the personal data provided during registration at any time or to have them completely deleted from the database of the data controller.

The controller shall at all times, upon request, inform each data subject of the personal data relating to that data subject. Furthermore, the controller shall correct or delete personal data at the request or notice of the data subject, provided that there is no legal obligation to keep such data in safekeeping. All the employees of the controller are available to the data subject as contact persons in this context.

Subscription to our newsletter
------------------------------

On the geek Software GmbH website, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to a newsletter. Which personal data are transmitted to the person responsible for processing when ordering the newsletter is determined by the input mask used for this purpose.

The geek Software GmbH informs its customers and business partners in regular intervals by means of a newsletter about offers of the company. The newsletter of our company can only be received by the person concerned if (1) the person concerned has a valid e-mail address and (2) the person concerned registers for the newsletter dispatch. For legal reasons, a confirmation e-mail in the double opt-in procedure is sent to the e-mail address entered by the person concerned for the first time for sending the newsletter. This confirmation e-mail serves to check whether the owner of the e-mail address has authorized the receipt of the newsletter as the person concerned.

When registering for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system used by the person concerned at the time of registration assigned by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) as well as the date and time of registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to trace the (possible) misuse of a data subject's e-mail address at a later point in time and therefore serves the legal protection of the data controller.

The personal data collected when registering for the newsletter will be used exclusively for sending our newsletter. Furthermore, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail if this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or for registration, as could be the case in the event of changes to the newsletter offer or changes in the technical conditions. The personal data collected in the context of the newsletter service will not be passed on to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter can be cancelled by the person concerned at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the person concerned has given us for the newsletter dispatch, can be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revoking your consent, you will find a corresponding link in every newsletter. It is also possible at any time to unsubscribe directly from the newsletter dispatch on the website of the controller or to inform the controller in any other way.

Newsletter tracking
-------------------

The geek Software GmbH newsletters contain so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in e-mails sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns to be carried out. The embedded pixel-code enables geek Software GmbH to recognize if and when an e-mail was opened by an affected person and which links in the e-mail were called by the affected person.

Such personal data collected via the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and evaluated by the data controller in order to optimise the dispatch of the newsletter and to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the person concerned. This personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Persons concerned are entitled at any time to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent given via the double opt-in procedure. After revocation, this personal data will be deleted by the data controller. If you unsubscribe from the newsletter, geek Software GmbH automatically interprets this as a revocation.

Contact via the website
-----------------------

Due to legal regulations, the internet site of geek Software GmbH contains information which enables a quick electronic contact to our company as well as a direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the data controller via e-mail or a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be stored automatically. Such personal data voluntarily provided by a data subject to the controller will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. This personal data is not passed on to third parties.

Comment function in the blog and forum on the website
-----------------------------------------------------

geek Software GmbH offers users the opportunity to leave individual comments on individual contributions on a blog and forum located on the website of the data controller. A blog and a forum are a portal on a website, usually open to the public, in which one or more people, articles or thoughts can post in so-called posts. The posts can usually be commented by third parties.

If a person leaves a comment in the blog or forum published on this website, not only the comments left by the person concerned but also information about the time of entering the comment and the user name (pseudonym) chosen by the person concerned will be stored and published. Furthermore, the IP address assigned to the person concerned by the Internet service provider (ISP) is logged. This IP address is stored for security reasons and in the event that the person concerned violates the rights of third parties or posts illegal content by submitting a comment. The storage of this personal data is therefore in the personal interest of the data controller, so that he or she can exculpate himself or herself in the event of a violation of the law. The personal data collected will not be disclosed to third parties, unless such disclosure is required by law or serves the legal defence of the data controller.

Subscription to comments in the blog and forum on the website
-------------------------------------------------------------

Comments posted on the geek Software GmbH blog and forum can be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, it is possible for a commentator to subscribe to the comments that follow his comment on a particular post.

If a data subject chooses to subscribe to comments, the controller sends an automatic confirmation email to double opt-in to verify that the owner of the specified email address has actually chosen this option. The option to subscribe to comments can be cancelled at any time.

Routine deletion and blocking of personal data
----------------------------------------------

The controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the time necessary to achieve the data retention purpose or to the extent provided for by the European regulator or other legislator in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject.

If the storage purpose ceases to apply or if a storage period prescribed by the European Directive and Regulation Giver or another competent legislator expires, the personal data is routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.

Data protection for applications and in the application process
---------------------------------------------------------------

The controller collects and processes the personal data of applicants for the purpose of processing the application procedure. Processing may also be carried out electronically. This is particularly the case if an applicant sends corresponding application documents to the controller by electronic means, for example by e-mail or via a web form on the website. If the controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the data transmitted will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions. If the controller does not conclude an employment contract with the applicant, the application documents shall be automatically deleted two months after notification of the decision of refusal, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller stand in the way of deletion. Other legitimate interest in this sense is, for example, a burden of proof in proceedings under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

Privacy policy for the use of Google AdSense
--------------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated Google AdSense on the website. Google AdSense is an online service that enables the placement of advertising on third party sites. Google AdSense is based on an algorithm that selects the ads displayed on third party sites according to the content of the respective third party site. Google AdSense allows interest-based targeting of the Internet user, which is implemented by generating individual user profiles.

The Google AdSense component is operated by Alphabet Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

The purpose of the Google AdSense component is to include ads on our site. Google AdSense places a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. What cookies are has already been explained above. By setting the cookie, Alphabet Inc. is able to analyse the use of our website. Each time one of the individual pages of this website is called up, which is operated by the data controller and on which a Google AdSense component has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically prompted by the respective Google AdSense component to transmit data to Alphabet Inc. for the purpose of online advertising and billing of commissions. Within the scope of this technical procedure, Alphabet Inc. receives knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the person concerned, which serve Alphabet Inc. among other things to trace the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently enable commission statements.

The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Alphabet Inc. from placing a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Alphabet Inc. can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.

Google AdSense also uses so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in Internet pages to enable log file recording and analysis, allowing statistical evaluation. The embedded pixel-code enables Alphabet Inc. to recognize whether and when an Internet page was opened by an affected person and which links were clicked on by the affected person. Tracking pixels are used, among other things, to evaluate the visitor flow of an Internet page.

Google AdSense transfers personal data and information, including the IP address, to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America in order to collect and bill the advertisements displayed. This personal data is stored and processed in the United States of America. Alphabet Inc. may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.

Google AdSense will be explained in more detail under this link https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/

Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics
----------------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated the Google Analytics component (with anonymisation function) on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the collection, collection and evaluation of data on the behaviour of visitors to Internet sites. A web analysis service collects, among other things, data on the website from which a person concerned has accessed a website (so-called referrer), which subpages of the website have been accessed or how often and for how long a subpage has been viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The Google Analytics component is operated by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

The data controller uses the addition "anonymizeIp" for the web analysis via Google Analytics. By means of this addition, Google shortens and anonymizes the IP address of the Internet connection of the person concerned when accessing our Internet pages from a member state of the European Union or from another state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the flow of visitors to our website. Google uses the data and information collected to evaluate the use of our website, among other things, to compile online reports for us that show the activities on our website and to provide other services in connection with the use of our website.

Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. What cookies are has already been explained above. By setting the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. Each time one of the individual pages of this website is called up, which is operated by the data controller and on which a Google Analytics component has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically prompted by the respective Google Analytics component to transmit data to Google for the purpose of online analysis. As part of this technical process, Google obtains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the person concerned, which serves Google, among other things, to trace the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently enable commission statements.

Cookies are used to store personal information, such as access time, the location from which access came and the frequency of visits to our website by the person concerned. Whenever you visit our website, this personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.

The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.

Furthermore, it is possible for the person concerned to object to and prevent the collection of data generated by Google Analytics relating to the use of this website and the processing of this data by Google. To do this, the person concerned must download and install a browser add-on from the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout This browser add-on informs Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information on visits to websites may be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-on is considered a contradiction by Google. If the person's information technology system is deleted, formatted or reinstalled at a later time, the person concerned must reinstall the browser add-on to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on is uninstalled or deactivated by the person concerned or another person within their control, it is possible to reinstall or reactivate the browser add-on.

Further information and Google's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html Google Analytics will be explained in more detail under this link https://www.google.com/intl/de\_en/analytics/.

Privacy Policy for Use and Usage of Google Remarketing
------------------------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated Google Remarketing services into this website. Google Remarketing is a feature of Google AdWords that allows a company to display advertisements to Internet users who have previously visited the company's website. The integration of Google Remarketing therefore allows a company to create user-related advertisements and consequently to display interest-relevant advertisements to the Internet user.

The operator of Google Remarketing services is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

The purpose of Google Remarketing is to display interest-relevant advertising. Google Remarketing allows us to display advertisements on the Google Advertising Network or on other websites that are tailored to the individual needs and interests of Internet users.

Google Remarketing places a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. What cookies are has already been explained above. By setting the cookie, Google will be able to recognize the visitor to our website when he or she subsequently visits websites that are also members of the Google advertising network. Every time a website on which the Google Remarketing service has been integrated, the person's Internet browser automatically identifies itself with Google. As part of this technical procedure, Google obtains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address or the user's surfing behaviour, which Google uses, among other things, to display interest-relevant advertising.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the web pages visited by the person concerned. Personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is therefore transferred to Google in the United States of America each time he or she visits our Internet pages. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.

The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Remarketing can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.

Furthermore, the person concerned has the possibility to object to interest-based advertising by Google. To do this, the person concerned must access the www.google.de/settings/ads link from each of the Internet browsers they use and make the required settings there.

Further information and Google's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/

Privacy policy for the use of Google AdWords
--------------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated Google AdWords on this website. Google AdWords is an Internet advertising service that allows advertisers to place ads in both Google's search engine results and the Google Advertising Network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define certain keywords to display an ad in Google's search engine results only when the user uses the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. On the Google Network, ads are distributed to thematically relevant websites using an automatic algorithm and using the previously defined keywords.

The operator of Google AdWords services is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

The purpose of Google AdWords is to advertise our website by displaying interest-relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the Google search engine and by displaying third-party advertising on our website.

If a person concerned reaches our website via a Google ad, a so-called conversion cookie is stored on the information technology system of the person concerned by Google. What cookies are has already been explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after thirty days and is not used to identify the person concerned. If the cookie has not yet expired, the conversion cookie is used to determine whether certain sub-pages on our website have been accessed. The conversion cookie allows both us and Google to track whether an affected person who came to our website via an AdWords ad generated revenue.

The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to generate visit statistics for our website. We use these visit statistics to determine the total number of users who have been referred to us via AdWords ads, i.e. to determine the success or failure of the respective AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads for the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the person concerned.

The conversion cookie is used to store personal information, such as the websites visited by the person concerned. Personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is therefore transferred to Google in the United States of America each time he or she visits our Internet pages. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.

The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google AdWords can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.

Furthermore, the person concerned has the possibility to object to interest-based advertising by Google. To do this, the person concerned must access the www.google.de/settings/ads link from each of the Internet browsers they use and make the required settings there.

Further information and Google's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/

Privacy policy for the use of Google-reCAPTCHA
----------------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated components of Google-reCAPTCHA on this website in order to protect input forms on this website. By using this service it can be distinguished whether the corresponding input is of human origin or is abusive through automated machine processing.

The operating company of the reCAPTCHA component is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

To our knowledge, the referrer URL, the IP address, the behaviour of website visitors, information about operating system, browser and dwell time, cookies, display instructions and scripts, the user's input behaviour and mouse movements in the area of the reCAPTCHA checkbox are transmitted to "Google".

Google uses the information obtained in this way, among other things, to digitize books and other printed matter and to optimize services such as Google Street View and Google Maps (e.g. house number and street name recognition).

The IP address transmitted within the scope of reCAPTCHA will not be merged with other Google data unless you are logged in to your Google account at the time you use the reCAPTCHA plug-in. If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data about you and your behaviour on our website by "Google", you must log out of "Google" before you visit our site or use the reCAPTCHA plug-in.

Use of the reCAPTCHA service is subject to the terms of use https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/. The service is explained in more detail under the URL https://www.google.com/recaptcha

Facebook Use and Usage Privacy Policy
-------------------------------------

The data controller has integrated components of Facebook on this website. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is an Internet-based social meeting place, an online community that usually enables users to communicate with each other and interact in virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences or enables the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Facebook enables social network users to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friendship requests, among other things.

Facebook is operated by Facebook, Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The person responsible for the processing of personal data if a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the controller and on which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-in) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the person's information technology system is automatically prompted by the respective Facebook component to download a representation of the corresponding Facebook component of Facebook. A complete overview of all Facebook plug-ins can be found at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ As part of this technical process, Facebook is informed about which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned.

If the person concerned is logged on to Facebook at the same time, Facebook recognizes which specific subpage of our website the person concerned visits with every visit to our website by the person concerned and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website. This information is collected by the Facebook component and assigned by Facebook to the respective Facebook account of the person concerned. If the person concerned clicks one of the Facebook buttons integrated on our website, for example the "Like" button, or the person concerned makes a comment, Facebook assigns this information to the personal Facebook user account of the person concerned and stores this personal data.

Facebook receives information via the Facebook component that the person concerned has visited our website whenever the person concerned is logged on to Facebook at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the person concerned does not want this information to be transmitted to Facebook, they can prevent it from being transmitted by logging out of their Facebook account before calling up our website.

The data policy published by Facebook, which is available at https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. It also explains what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the person concerned. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Facebook. Such applications can be used by the person concerned to suppress data transmission to Facebook.

Privacy policy for the use of Twitter
-------------------------------------

The person responsible for processing has integrated components of Twitter on this website. Twitter is a multilingual publicly accessible microblogging service on which users can publish and distribute so-called tweets, i.e. short messages. These short messages are available to everyone, including people who are not registered on Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to the so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter makes it possible to address a broad audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

Twitter is operated by Twitter, Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.

Each time one of the individual pages of this website is called up, which is operated by the person responsible for processing and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the person's information technology system is automatically prompted by the respective Twitter component to download a representation of the corresponding Twitter component from Twitter. Further information on the Twitter buttons can be found at https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons As part of this technical process, Twitter is informed about which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned. The purpose of integrating the Twitter component is to enable our users to disseminate the content of this website, to make this website known in the digital world and to increase our visitor numbers.

If the person concerned is logged on to Twitter at the same time, Twitter recognizes which specific subpage of our website the person concerned visits with every visit to our website by the person concerned and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website. This information is collected by the Twitter component and assigned to the respective Twitter account of the person concerned by Twitter. If the person concerned presses one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, the data and information thus transmitted will be assigned to the personal Twitter user account of the person concerned and stored and processed by Twitter.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the person concerned has visited our website whenever the person concerned is logged on to Twitter at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of this information to Twitter is not desired by the person concerned, he can prevent the transmission by logging out of his Twitter account before calling our website.

The current data protection regulations of Twitter are available at https://twitter.com/de/privacy

Privacy policy for the use and application of YouTube
-----------------------------------------------------

The controller has integrated components of YouTube on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that allows video publishers to post video clips and other users to view, rate and comment on them free of charge. YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, which is why complete film and television programmes, music videos, trailers or videos produced by users themselves can be called up via the Internet portal.

YouTube is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the data controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically prompted by the respective YouTube component to download a representation of the corresponding YouTube component from YouTube. More information about YouTube can be found at https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/de/ In the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google are informed which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned.

If the person concerned is logged on to YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes which specific subpage of our website the person concerned visits by calling up a subpage that contains a YouTube video. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the person concerned.

YouTube and Google receive information via the YouTube component that the person concerned has visited our website whenever the person concerned is logged on to YouTube at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desired by the person concerned, this can prevent the transmission by logging out of their YouTube account before calling up our website.

The data protection regulations published by YouTube, which can be accessed at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

PayPal Privacy Policy as a payment method
-----------------------------------------

The person responsible for processing has integrated PayPal components on this website. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which are virtual private or business accounts. In addition, PayPal offers the option of processing virtual payments via credit cards if a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an email address, which is why there is no classic account number. PayPal makes it possible to initiate online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also acts as a trustee and provides buyer protection services.

PayPal's European operating company is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the person concerned selects the "PayPal" payment option during the ordering process of a chargeable service, the data of the person concerned are automatically transmitted to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the person concerned consents to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, e-mail address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number or other data required for payment processing. Personal data in connection with the respective order are also necessary for the processing of the purchase contract.

The purpose of data transmission is to process payments and prevent fraud. The controller will provide PayPal with personal data, especially if there is a legitimate interest in the transfer. Personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller may be transferred by PayPal to credit reference agencies. The purpose of this transmission is to verify identity and creditworthiness.

PayPal may pass on personal data to affiliated companies and service providers or subcontractors if this is necessary to fulfil contractual obligations or if the data is to be processed on behalf of PayPal.

The person concerned has the option to revoke his/her consent to the handling of personal data with PayPal at any time. A revocation does not affect personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted for (contractual) payment processing.

PayPal's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full

Additional data protection provisions to PDF24 Online PDF Tools
---------------------------------------------------------------

The geek Software GmbH operates the PDF24 online PDF Tools, which can be reached at the internet address https://tools.pdf24.org With the tools a user is able to solve many problems in the PDF area. Most of the tools process files that the user must provide. This includes, for example, the conversion of files into PDF format.

All files uploaded in this area for processing, which may contain personal data, are stored on a special server infrastructure for processing and subsequent download. The purpose of this storage is to process the files and provide the results. The upload of the files and the subsequent download of the results are protected by SSL. All servers processing files are located within the EU.

All files uploaded by the user and the results created are usually deleted one hour after uploading or creating the results. Longer storage may be required if uploading files, processing or producing results takes longer than one hour. During this hour we do not look at the files and do not evaluate them. Backups of these files are generally not created and no other storage or further processing for any other purpose takes place either. The files are stored solely for the purpose of providing sufficient time for processing and to give you sufficient time to download.

Additional data protection regulations for PDF24 Fax
----------------------------------------------------

The geek Software GmbH operates the PDF24 fax service, which can be reached at the internet address https://fax.pdf24.org This service enables a user to send and receive faxes over the Internet without having to have a physical fax machine. Faxes can be sent and received via various interfaces. Faxes are sent and received via files which may contain personal data.

By sending a fax on the Controller's website, the IP address assigned by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) of the data subject, the date and time will also be stored. This data is stored against the background that this is the only way to prevent misuse of our services and, if necessary, to enable us to investigate criminal offences committed. In this respect, the storage of this data is necessary to protect the data controller. This data will not be passed on to third parties unless required to do so by law or for the purpose of criminal prosecution.

All files uploaded for sending are stored on a special server infrastructure for sending. The purpose of this storage is to transfer the files to the destination. After sending a fax, it is transferred to the PDF24 fax file memory, where all faxes are stored in encrypted form.

If a user has his own PDF24 fax number, he is able to receive faxes. Received faxes are first temporarily stored in the PDF24 Fax Server infrastructure and then sent to the customer by e-mail and stored in encrypted form in the PDF24 fax file memory.

The PDF24 fax file store, which is located within the EU, is a separate area separated from the rest of the infrastructure. Access to the faxes in the file memory is only possible via the PDF24 Fax Member Area, to which you must log in. A customer can view and manage received and sent faxes in the member area. The duration of the storage of the faxes in the file memory is largely determined by the underlying PDF24 fax contract. In addition, the customer has the option of deleting faxes at any time in the file management in the member area.

Duration for which the personal data is stored
----------------------------------------------

The criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective legal retention period. After the expiry of this period, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment or initiation of the contract.

Legal or contractual provisions for the provision of personal data; necessity for the conclusion of the contract; obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide them
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We inform you that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or may also result from contractual regulations (e.g. information on the contractual partner). In some cases, it may be necessary for a contract to be concluded if a data subject provides us with personal data which must subsequently be processed by us. For example, the person concerned is obliged to provide us with personal data if our company enters into a contract with him/her. Failure to provide personal data would mean that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Prior to the provision of personal data by the data subject, the data subject may contact one of our employees. Our employee will inform the data subject on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of personal data is required by law or contract or required for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and what consequences the failure to provide the personal data would have.

Rights of the person concerned
------------------------------

### Right of confirmation

Every data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the controller to confirm whether personal data concerning him/her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of confirmation, he may contact an employee of the controller at any time.

### Right of information

Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to obtain, at any time and free of charge, information from the controller concerning the personal data relating to him/her stored and a copy of that information. Furthermore, the European regulator has granted the data subject the following information:

* the processing purposes
* the categories of personal data to be processed
* the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or are still being disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations
* if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration
* the existence of a right of rectification or deletion of personal data concerning him or of a restriction on processing by the controller or of a right of opposition to such processing
* the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority
* if the personal data is not collected from the data subject: All available information about the origin of the data
* the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling in accordance with Article 22(1) and (4) DS-GMO and, at least in these cases, meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject

Furthermore, the data subject has a right of access to information as to whether personal data have been transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. If this is the case, the data subject also has the right to obtain information on the appropriate guarantees in connection with the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of access, he may contact an employee of the controller at any time.

### Right to correction

Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to request the immediate correction of inaccurate personal data concerning him/her. Furthermore, taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject has the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary declaration.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of rectification, he or she may contact an employee of the controller at any time.

### Right to cancellation (right to be forgotten)

Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the data controller to request that the personal data concerning him/her be deleted immediately, provided that one of the following reasons applies and insofar as the processing is not necessary:

* The personal data have been collected or otherwise processed for such purposes for which they are no longer necessary.
* The data subject withdraws his/her consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) DS-GMO or Article 9(2)(a) DS-GMO, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
* The data subject opposes processing under Article 21(1) DS-GMO and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing or the data subject opposes processing under Article 21(2) DS-GMO.
* The personal data have been processed unlawfully.
* The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.
* The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 para. 1 DS-GMO.

If one of the above-mentioned reasons applies and a data subject wishes to have personal data stored at geek Software GmbH deleted, he/she can contact an employee of the data controller at any time. The employee of geek Software GmbH will arrange for the deletion request to be complied with immediately.

If the personal data was made public by geek Software GmbH and our company is obliged to delete the personal data in accordance with Art. 17 para. 1 DS-GMO, geek Software GmbH will take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform other persons responsible for data processing who process the published personal data, that the person concerned has requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data from these other persons responsible for data processing, insofar as processing is not necessary. The employee of geek Software GmbH will arrange for the necessary in individual cases.

### Right to limitation of processing

Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the controller to restrict the processing if one of the following conditions is met:

* The accuracy of the personal data is disputed by the data subject for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
* The processing is unlawful, the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests that the use of the personal data be restricted.
* The data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but the data subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
* The data subject has lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 DS-GMO and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the data subject outweigh those of the data subject.

If one of the above mentioned conditions is fulfilled and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of personal data stored by geek Software GmbH, he can contact an employee of the data controller at any time. The employee of geek Software GmbH will cause the restriction of the processing.

### Right to data transferability

Any data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to receive personal data relating to him/her provided by the data subject to a data controller in a structured, current and machine-readable format. It shall also have the right to transmit such data to another data controller without obstruction by the controller to whom the personal data have been made available, provided that the processing is based on the consent provided for in Article 6(1)(a) DS GMO or Article 9(2)(a) DS GMO or on a contract in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) DS GMO and that the processing is carried out using automated procedures, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority conferred on the data controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his right to data transferability pursuant to Article 20(1) DS-GMO, the data subject has the right to obtain that the personal data be transferred directly by a data controller to another data controller, provided this is technically feasible and provided that the rights and freedoms of other persons are not affected thereby.

To assert the right to data transferability, the person concerned can contact an employee of geek Software GmbH at any time.

### Right of objection

Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator for reasons arising from their particular situation to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning them under Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the DS-GMO. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

In the event of an objection, geek Software GmbH will no longer process personal data unless we can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

If geek Software GmbH processes personal data in order to carry out direct advertising, the person concerned has the right to object to the processing of personal data at any time for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected with such direct advertising. If the person concerned objects to geek Software GmbH processing for direct advertising purposes, geek Software GmbH will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

Furthermore, the data subject has the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning him/her which is carried out at geek Software GmbH for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 DS-GVO for reasons arising from his particular situation, unless such processing is necessary to fulfil a task in the public interest.

To exercise the right of objection, the person concerned may directly contact any employee of geek Software GmbH or any other employee. The data subject shall also be free to exercise his right of opposition in relation to the use of information society services by means of automated procedures using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.

### Automated decisions in individual cases including profiling

Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal effect against him or significantly affects him in a similar manner, provided that the decision (1) is not necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the data controller, or (2) is admissible under Union or Member State law to which the data controller is subject and that such law contains appropriate measures to safeguard the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the data subject, or (3) with the express consent of the data subject.

If the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the data controller or (2) is made with the express consent of the data subject, geek Software GmbH shall take appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms as well as the legitimate interests of the data subject, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a data controller, to state his own position and to challenge the decision.

If the data subject wishes to assert rights relating to automated decisions, he or she may contact an employee of the controller at any time.

### Right to revoke consent under data protection law

Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to revoke consent to the processing of personal data at any time.

If the data subject wishes to exercise his/her right to withdraw his/her consent, he/she may contact an employee of the controller at any time.

Changes to our privacy policy
-----------------------------

We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration will then apply for your next visit.

For this data protection declaration, the data protection declaration generator of the German Association for Data Protection, which generates sample data protection declaration, was used as the basis.

[About Us](https://en.pdf24.org/en/about-us) [Help Center](https://help.pdf24.org/) [Contact](https://en.pdf24.org/en/contact)

[Legal Notice](https://en.pdf24.org/en/legal-notice) [Terms of Use](https://en.pdf24.org/en/terms-of-use) [Privacy Policy](https://en.pdf24.org/en/privacy-policy) [Privacy Settings](javascript:void('showConsentManager'))

[](https://www.facebook.com/PDF24)  [](https://twitter.com/PDF24) [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pdf24/)

* [English](https://en.pdf24.org/en/privacy-policy)
* [German](https://en.pdf24.org/de/datenschutz)

[www.pdf24.org](https://en.pdf24.org/)

© 2024 Geek Software GmbH — WE love PDF