[PDF24](https://www.pdf24.org/en/)

[PDF24 Creator](https://tools.pdf24.org/en/creator "To PDF24 Creator")

[PDF24 Tools](https://tools.pdf24.org/en/ "To the PDF24 Tools")

[PDF24 Fax](https://fax.pdf24.org/ "To PDF24 Fax")

General Terms of Use for PDF24 Online Services
==============================================

As of: 08.05.2024

THIS AUTOMATIC TRANSLATION (GENERATED BY DEEPL) IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY! THE LEGALLY BINDING DOCUMENT IS THE GERMAN VERSION.

1. Provider and scope
    1. The geek Software GmbH, Einstein Palais, Friedrichstraße 171, 10117 Berlin (hereinafter "Provider") operates the internet platform "pdf24" (hereinafter "Website") under the domain pdf24.org. On the website, the provider offers the user certain services and functions in connection with the creation and processing of PDF data in the form of "software-as-service" ("SaaS services"), which are divided into various categories (hereinafter referred to collectively as "Products"). All products of the Website are offered by the Provider exclusively on the basis of these Terms of Use. The application of the customer's terms and conditions is excluded, even if the user refers the provider to their validity and the provider does not expressly object. These Terms of Use cover all products (with the exception of the product "PDF24 Fax" and "PDF24 Creator") that can already be used now or in the future via the website.
    2. The provider is free to adapt or change these terms of use at any time.
    3. These terms of use do not apply to the use of the products "PDF24 Fax" and "PDF24 Creator".
2. Scope of services and availability
    1. The subject matter of the contract is the use of the products in the form in which they are made available. The products are made available on the website as an invitation to the user to make an offer for use by commencing use. The provider is under no obligation to accept the offer.
    2. The provider has no obligation to further develop (upgrade, update) the products. As the offer is free of charge, the provider may adapt, change or discontinue all and/or individual products and their functions and functionalities at any time.
    3. The products, as SaaS services, are provided as they are. A presence of specific functionalities, a certain reliability, availability or suitability for certain purposes is not subject of the service.
    4. The user has no claim to the use of the products or their provision, even within the scope or during a single usage process. If there is no document processing by the provider (e.g. non-availability of a functionality, temporarily no response from the provider's server), the provider rejects the user's offer to perform document processing in this case.
    5. Within the scope of use, the user uploads documents or files of any kind (user documents) to the provider's server. The document processing is carried out there (e.g. creation of a PDF document from the document uploaded by the user). After completion of the processing (e.g. output of a PDF document for download by the user), the copy of the user documents processed on the provider's servers is completely deleted after one hour.
    6. The provider assumes no liability for the correctness and/or completeness of the document processing. It is the user's responsibility to check the document or file created during processing. The use of documents created in the context of document processing (e.g. generated PDF files) is at the user's own discretion and risk. The above shall not affect the liability of the Provider for fraudulent concealment of a defect in law (legal defect) and/or a defect in the products (material defect).
    7. The user may use the products for private and commercial purposes, provided that the processing of documents using the products is not itself the core of the user's commercial activity.  
          
        It is expressly pointed out that the user is solely responsible for compliance with all data protection and professional obligations, both in his own interest and in the interest of third parties, if particularly sensitive or professionally protected data is to be processed, such as:
        * Processing of doctor's letters, letters from health insurance companies, prescriptions or other similar documents related to the user's health care.
        * Archiving of user documents for the fulfilment of legal or contractually justified storage obligations.
        * Processing of user documents that are subject to a contractual or legal obligation to maintain secrecy, in particular a professional obligation to maintain secrecy or a legal protection of secrets.
        * Processing of user documents with the aim of using the result as legally or contractually binding evidence. Not included are purely voluntary proofs, for example in the context of applications.The provider cannot accept any liability in this respect.
3. Payment obligation
    1. The products available on the website within the scope of these Terms of Use (not the product "PDF24 Fax") are currently provided free of charge. The user is not entitled to a free provision also in the future. A possible chargeable use in the future is not subject to these Terms of Use for the current free use.
4. Obligations of the user
    1. The user must ensure that he is entitled to use the user documents within the scope of the offer of the website and that he does not violate the rights of third parties, in particular copyrights. Any use in violation of this clause 4.1 is expressly prohibited. Explicit reference is made to clause 1.
    2. The user has to ensure that the use of the user documents within the scope of the offer of the website does not violate official guidelines and/or legal regulations of any kind. In particular, the use of user documents with racist, pornographic, offensive or anti-constitutional content is prohibited.
5. Liability for hyperlinks
    1. The website also contains links to external websites of third parties over whose contents the provider has no influence. Therefore, the provider cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. Upon becoming aware of any legal violations, such links will be removed immediately.
6. Liability of the provider
    1. The products are provided without consideration or reimbursement of expenses for the supplier. Against this background, the limitations of liability of this clause 6 are agreed.
    2. A possibly existing liability of the supplier according to the product liability law remains unaffected by this number 6. The provider is also liable in accordance with the statutory provisions in the event of injury to life, limb or health.
    3. The provider shall only be liable for any damage arising from the fact that the user relies on the freedom of the products from material defects and defects of title if he has fraudulently concealed a defect in the law and/or a defect in the products.
    4. For other damages, the provider is liable to the user without limitation, insofar as these are based on an intentional or grossly negligent breach of contractual obligations.
    5. In all other respects the liability of the provider is excluded.
7. Rights to the website and the products
    1. The contents and functions available on the website are protected by copyright and/or trademark law or other protective rights in favour of the provider or third parties. All contents and texts and functions made accessible and/or made available by the provider, in particular layouts, designs, images, illustrations and other information (hereinafter referred to as "contents") are the property of the provider or third parties and are subject to copyright and other legal provisions for the protection of intellectual property. Subject to Section 7.2 and mandatory statutory provisions, it is therefore not permitted to reproduce, distribute, publish, edit or allow third parties to use the content in whole or in part.
    2. Only the technically conditioned duplication of the website in the context of the page call by a browser in non-automated form is permitted (no automatic page call by scripts or the like).
8. Misuse and abuse
    1. Misuse of the products is not permitted.
    2. In particular, it is forbidden to send files to an email address without the consent of the respective owner. The sending of advertising about the products is prohibited in any case.
    3. The use of the products via automated scripts or the like is not permitted.
9. Integration in Websites
    1. The products may only be integrated into a website if visitors to this website are permitted to use them free of charge. The service may not be resold.
    2. The terms and conditions set out in these Terms of Use for the use of the Products shall also apply if they are integrated into other websites. The person who integrates the products into his website must ensure that this validity is legally valid and must work towards compliance. If he does not agree with the validity of these regulations for visitors to his website, he must remove the products from his website.
    3. The integration of the products in websites with racist, pornographic, insulting, anti-constitutional, forbidden or illegal contents is not permitted in any case. The same applies to any integration into a context that may damage the reputation of the pdf24.org project or geek Software GmbH, its employees, representatives, agents or partners.
    4. The provider reserves the right to prohibit the integration of the products into certain websites or the use by certain persons at any time without giving reasons.
    5. Changes to the codes made available for integration are permitted to match the look and feel of a website, including changes in size and format. References to pdf24.org, other copyright holders, integrated logos or graphics and links may not be removed. They must also be clearly visible after the changes have been made.
10. General provisions
    1. The entire legal relationship between the user and the provider with regard to the website and the products shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany to the exclusion of German conflict of laws provisions and the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
    2. In the event that individual provisions of these Terms of Use are invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected.
    3. If the user is a merchant, a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law, the place of jurisdiction shall be Berlin-Schöneberg.
    4. The binding version of these terms of use is exclusively the version in the German language. Only this version is authoritative for the content of these Terms of Use and the rights and obligations arising from them. Versions in other languages are non-binding translations for information purposes only.

[About Us](https://www.pdf24.org/en/about-us) [Help Center](https://help.pdf24.org/) [Contact](https://www.pdf24.org/en/contact)

[Legal Notice](https://www.pdf24.org/en/legal-notice) [Terms of Use](https://www.pdf24.org/en/terms-of-use) [Privacy Policy](https://www.pdf24.org/en/privacy-policy) [Privacy Settings](javascript:void('showConsentManager'))

[](https://www.facebook.com/PDF24)  [](https://twitter.com/PDF24) [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pdf24/)

* [English](https://www.pdf24.org/en/terms-of-use)
* [German](https://www.pdf24.org/de/nutzungsbedingungen)

[www.pdf24.org](https://www.pdf24.org/)

© 2024 Geek Software GmbH — WE love PDF