  
  
Site Statement and Disclosure: We deliver free and paid internet advertising. This does not require payment of any kind in order to make money and this can be done by referring sales of your signups through an affiliate program. This is not an MLM, Pyramid Scheme, or Get-Rich-Quick cash or money program. We do not require you to pay any fees ever to join and participate in the affiliate program with our site. We do not require you to have a website or sell any product to use our service. We do not require you to refer anyone to our site to use our service. You will not get rich by using our website.  
  
**Anti Spam Policy**  
We maintain a "no tolerance" policy towards the sending of spam email. Spam email is defined as Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE). In the event that you send spam email to users without their permission, you risk immediate termination of your account. As a member, you understand that we neither condones nor tolerates the sending of unsolicited or spam email by its members. By being a member you acknowledge that: You are 100% responsible for mail received and/or that you send or another party sends on your behalf.  
  
We reserve the right to take legal action against any member found violating this Spam Policy.  
You will not be eligible for a refund when you have violated the Spam Policy.  
In the event that you have received spam from a member, please notify Maryanne Myers at http://webstars2k.com  
  
To become a member of this service, you must read and accept all of the terms and conditions of this agreement and the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms after you read this Agreement, you may not use this service.  
You agree that we may modify the terms of this Agreement, in our sole discretion, by posting amended terms to this Web site. Your continued use of the service indicates your acceptance of the amended Terms of Service Agreement.  
  
You understand and agree to the following: (a) if you choose to register, you must submit a valid e-mail address and select a password and user name during the registration process; (b) You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account and (d) You are at least 18 years of age. We will not be held liable for any loss or damages. As part of the registration process for the Service, you agree to: (a) provide certain limited information about you as prompted to do so by the Service (such information to be current, complete and accurate); and (b) maintain and update this information as required to keep it current, complete and accurate. The information requested upon original sign up shall be referred to as registration information. We reserve the right to refuse the Service to any user. By agreeing to these Terms, members affirm that they will not use this service to harass or abuse other members. Individuals who have spammed other members, the owner or have demonstrably harassed other members or the owner via message boards, private messages, classifieds, or using other means on or off the website will be removed from this website. You are fully responsible for any textads, images, messages that you post on this website, including, but not limited to, your name, your payment email addresses, your email addresses, classifieds, events, testimonials, e-mail messages - and the consequences of posting, using any such content.  
  
You understand and agree that this website may review any ad from time to time and delete any content that violates this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or harm the safety of members without refund. Content that is gambling, illegal or prohibited, includes, but is not limited to, material, text, graphics, video or audio that: Is unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, breaks frames, bigoted, racially offensive, obscene or otherwise objectionable Displays sexually explicit words of any kind will be removed without refund and your account will be removed.  
  
This website, or Maryanne Myers, may terminate your membership and any and all information, communications or textads, at any time, without notice, for conduct that violates this Agreement. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES AND/OR ANY GRAPHICS OR OTHER CONTENT YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF FILES, SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND/OR ANY GRAPHICS OR OTHER CONTENT. THE SERVICES AND/OR ANY GRAPHICS OR OTHER CONTENT YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND/OR ANY GRAPHICS OR OTHER CONTENT YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS WEBSITE OR MARYANNE MYERS. SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES THIS WEBSITE, ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL THIS WEBSITE, ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, SERVICE, AND/OR ANY GRAPHICS OR OTHER CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT UPLOADED ONTO OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SERVICE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. INDEMNITY. YOU HEREBY AGREE, AT YOUR EXPENSE, TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD THIS SITE, MARYANNE MYERS AND ALL PROPERTIES CONNECTED TO SUCH, HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY LOSS, COST, DAMAGES, LIABILITY, AND/OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO (A) THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR ALLEGATIONS OF INFRINGEMENT BASED ON INFORMATION, DATA OR CONTENT YOU SUBMITTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE, (B) ANY FRAUD OR MANIPULATION, OR OTHER BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, BY YOU, OR (C) THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR ALLEGATIONS BROUGHT AGAINST OUR SITE(S) ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE.  
  
We accurately represent these products and services and try to increase their potential for improving your impact on the internet and nothing more. We have heard both from customers who are just starting their internet business and from others who already have an internet business. Both groups give us feedback on the usefulness of our products for their operations and their revenue generation. We cannot completely verify these customers statements. For all these reasons, your purchase and use of our information, products and services should be based upon your own due diligence and judgment on how best to use our products. You should not view products and services as responsible for any success or failure of your business; we provide tools that you can use to try to improve the operation of your business. Your decision to purchase and use our information, products and services should be based on your own due diligence, and not on any representation that we make to you. We will not be responsible for any success or failure of your business after you implement the information you receive from us. We provide a tool that you can use to try to improve the operations of your business.  
  
**REFUND POLICY**  
  
Refunds are not provided due to lack of effort over expectation or due diligence and once the account or advertising is accessed. You agree to recognize this as a true advertising website, and not as any form of investment, MLM or money scheme of any kind. We reserve the right to suspend and / or close the operation of this site or sections thereof when, as a result of political, economic, military, monetary events, events caused by outside sites and / or any other circumstances outside the control, responsibility and power of. We reserve the right to change the commissions, rates, terms and / or conditions mentioned this program at any given time and at our sole discretion, with respect the integrity and security of our members interests. You agree to not defame the site or the owner without proof, or use intimidation, here or on other websites will be seen as unlawful and may lead to the permanent suspension of your account, temporary suspension of membership or any other benefits. We reserve the right to deny any advertisement that we do not see fit to be displayed. You are responsible for your website's downtime, or typographical errors which lead visitors to the incorrect website. Before purchasing ad service and starting your campaign, it's your responsibility to ensure the banner image is correct, and the website link is correct. Any clicks you receive to the wrong link are your full responsibility. You agree that we cannot guarantee any certain type of results for your campaigns as it is not in our control of what others decide to do. We do not guarantee income amounts, if signups, given or directly signup, will buy advertising. Members can buy advertising services offered. **Refunds are provided by replacement if defective or missing service.**  
  
**PRIVACY POLICY / GDPR POLICY**  
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website.  
The Data That is Collected: On some pages, you can order advertising services, make requests. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, email address and IP address. We do not share, sell or rent this information to outside parties. No other member has access to your email address or IP address.  
  
We never sell or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online.  
  
Upon signup to the site, you are not subscribed automatically. You can opt in by clicking the confirmation link sent to you or by adjusting your settings/profile/account in the members area. **You can opt out from inside the members area, which is located at the very bottom of the main members page.**  
  
Further, about what information is collected:  
  
(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;  
  
(b) information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of services;  
  
(c) information that you provide for the purpose of registering with us and/to website services and/or email notifications.  
  
(d) Information about website visits: Information collected on this website such as your IP address, browser type and referral source. We may use this information in the administration of this website.  
  
**Earnings and Income Disclaimer.**  
  
We make every effort to ensure that we accurately represent these products and services and their potential for income. There is no guarantee that you will make these levels of income and you accept the risk that the earnings and income statements differ by individual. As with any business, your results may vary, and will be based on your individual capacity, business experience, expertise, and level of desire.  
  
**Our Commitment To Data Security**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. In the event of data loss, you agree to not hold Webstars2k.com/Maryanne Myers or related websites responsible for your text, images, video, audio, subscribing to the site, advertisements you receive or send. This includes hacking or any information you gave to a third party.  
  
**Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:**  
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. **How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information**  
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by editing your account.  
  
**Advertisers aren't validated or endorsed by this website or by Maryanne Myers.** Joining any of them is at your own risk.  
  
Joining the website means this Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, proposals, agreements, negotiations, and discussions between the parties, whether written or oral. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reviewing the terms of this Agreement from time to time. Any continued use of the Software or Service by you after such amended terms have been posted or information regarding such amendment has been sent to you, shall be deemed your consent and agreement to such amended terms. We reserve the right to change, modify, update these terms at anytime. Contact Maryanne Myers at [Ticket Support](https://webstars2k.com/)  
  
We're committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.  
  
**Cookies are used on this website.** A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify your account.  
  
(2) Using personal data: Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.  
  
(a) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology.  
  
(b) Your information will not be given to any third parties.  
  
(c) Security of your personal data. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.  
  
(d) We do not store any of your credit card information on this website or process it. All credit card information is passed directly on secure 3rd party payment processing sites which uses industry standard 128 bit secure sockets layer (SSL) technology.  
  
**Policy amendments:** This policy may be updated from time-to-time.  
  
**Third party websites:** The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the terms, privacy or any other policies, claims, design, actions of any third party websites.