SMARTSITES, a division of MELEN LLC (“SMARTSITES”), has created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate its commitment to user, visitor and customer privacy with regard to SmartSites.com site at (the “Website”). Privacy on the Website is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our users, visitors and customers (collectively “Customers” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing this Website, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy of the Website.

Information We Collect
----------------------

We require Customers who register to use the services offered on our Website (collectively, the “Service”) to give us contact information, which may include but is not limited to the Customer’s name, company name, address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP logs, and other information (collectively “Personal Information”). Besides the Personal Information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the Website. From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information. You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked or not using the Website, although not providing it may hinder your ability to use the Website.

We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in our company, the services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address. Your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable. We may also email (or send via other methods) information regarding updates to the Website or SMARTSITES, and may send a customer newsletter, or other correspondence. You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you, or by e-mailing us at our Customer Service Department. Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by SMARTSITES. It is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out. SMARTSITES shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures.

Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for herein or in the SMARTSITES Terms of Use Agreement, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided.

SMARTSITES may also collect certain information from visitors to, and users of, the Website, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Website in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from you and provide such information to third parties.

SMARTSITES does not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 14 years old. If you are under 14 years old, you may not use the Website.

Anti-Spam Policy
----------------

SMARTSITES subscribes to an Anti-Spam policy for all its communication protocols. This means that we do not condone unsolicited email messages, notifications, alerts or any message that you may receive from someone who should not have your email address.

Cookies
-------

We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. This information is collected in an anonymous form that includes no personally identifiable information. No personally identifiable information is collected on this website unless that information is explicitly submitted via a fill-in form. This anonymous information generated by cookies is transmitted to Google where it is processed to generate anonymous, aggregate reporting on website activity strictly for the domain https://www.smartsites.com. These reports are used to gain insight on how best to optimize the user experience, content, and marketing.

Remarketing
-----------

Cookies are also used to display remarketing advertisements, based upon the user’s previous visits to https://www.smartsites.com/, across the internet. Remarketing advertisements are displayed through Google’s display-advertisement network. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies at any time by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager.

Trademarks
----------

Trademarks Unless otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of SMARTSITES. All trademarks used or referred to in this website are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of SMARTSITES or any third party. This site and the content provided in this site, including, but not limited to, graphic images, audio, video, html code, buttons, and text, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of SMARTSITES, except that you may download, display, and print one copy of the materials on any single computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices.

Updates to our privacy policy
-----------------------------

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Website notifying users of the changes. In some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.

How to contact us
-----------------

If you have any questions regarding the SMARTSITES privacy policy or information that you have submitted to us, please feel free to email us at contact\[at\]smartsites.com or mail us at Melen, LLC. 45 Eisenhower Drive, Suite 520, Paramus, NJ 07652.