MooMoo.io - owned and operated by Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. Australia (copyright) and Yendis AG Switzerland (copyright) Version 2nd of February 2020 Why "terms and conditions"? Because it is a legal requirement, that any user needs to know who is allowed to use this site and what conditions you agree to with information about copyright and your privacy. If you have any questions or remarks - do not hesitate to contact us (see bottom of page). == TERMS AND CONDITIONS == - If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use. - If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not continue to use this site. The use of this site is subject to the following terms of use: > The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. > You must be at least 13 years of age to use this site. If you are not at least 13 years of age do not use this site. > By playing this game and being on this site you confirm that you are at least 13 years of age and you have read and fully understood these terms & conditions. > This website uses cookies (or similar components) to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, personal information may be stored by third parties. MooMoo.io / Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. or Yendis AG do not store personal data in their database from players. The registration of an account does not require a user to enter any personal data and we highly recommend not using names that reflect any personal information. > By using this website, you understand that it features user created content such as Text, Images and Scripts. We will not be held responsible for any such content created by a user, or any harm done to you or your belongings thereof. > Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. > This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. a corporation registered in Australia and Yendis AG a corporation registered in Switzerland. This material includes, but is not limited to, the name, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics and source code. Reproduction for commercial purposes is prohibited. > Any user submitted content that is added into the game is the property of Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. or Yendis AG. With the exception of sprays. The original creator is not entitled to any ownership or revenue for adding any content unless a signed partner agreement with Yendis Pty Ltd or Yendis AG exists, which explicitly contains the share of revenue. > From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). > We will not take any responsibility for any harm done to your computer, device or person from using this site. > The use of this system is at your own risk. The uploading or amending of content / code is done at the risk and discretion of the user and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. is not responsible and will not pay any fees, compensation or royalties unless this is agreed by a contract in writing between the provider and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. It is the full responsibility of the user to ensure that no copyright or privacy laws are infringed. The system / code provided by Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. is covered by copyright laws and may not be downloaded, used or amended unless this is agreed in writing. == ACCOUNT TERMINATION == - If you are found using exploits or cheats or are modifying the game in any way. Your account may be disabled. - Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right to disable your MooMoo account at any time == PRIVACY POLICY == - If you continue to browse and use this website you consent to our privacy policy. == THIRD PARTIES == - Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on this site. For More information on Third Parties go here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ == WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED == - MooMoo.io / Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. / Yendis AG do not collect personal data of the users. When you register with MooMoo.io do not use a name, that contains personal information. You cannot enter personal information like e-mail, address, phone-numbers etc. on MooMoo.io. Exception: To open a partner account, we need a valid e-mail address which will only be used for transactions related to the partner account. - Certain analytics and advertising tools linked to our site may also collect information about: > Your General Location (Country, City) > The amount of time you spend on this site > The website that you came from > IP Address > Battery information > Connection information > Browser information == WHAT DO WE USE THE INFORMATION FOR? == - The information is used to protect your account and make it possible for you to recover it in case you lose the details. Some information is also collected to personalize your experience. - Information is also collected to analyze user data and enhance the user experience and improve ad performance. == DO WE SHARE ACCOUNT INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES? == - No. All of the information you provide us will be kept private. - No information is sold or provided to any third parties in any way. == DO WE USE COOKIES? == - Yes. Cookies (or future replacements) are used to save certain information: settings, account info. == PURCHASES == - Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd / Yendis AG condition for in game purchases for MooMoo.io (webgame) Any purchase of in game features are limited to be used within the game they have been purchased for. All purchases are final when the transaction is finalized and non-refundable. Prices for purchases include value added tax, if applicable and are in US Dollars. The purchases for in game features are limited to a maximum US Dollars 100.00 per transaction. Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right withdraw sales against full refund of the paid amount in US Dollars. The purchase of in game features gives the purchaser the right to use these features in the game at any time. The purchase of features does not include the right to copy or distribute use any of the features or use them outside the named game in any way. Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd allows game plays to be recorded (video) and streamed on online platforms. Copyright for all game content and features applies. - You must be at least 18 years of age or have the consent of a parent or guardian to make purchases. - The use of credit cards, payment systems, bank accounts etc. from third parties without their consent is illegal and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd or Yendis AG reserve the right to report such activities to financial institutions or government agencies. - A payment ID is stored when a purchase is made so that refunds can be accommodated via the payment-provider. - No other personal data is stored in the MooMoo.io database. To use payment providers you need to familiarize with their terms & conditions. == PARTNER ACCOUNTS == - Any registered player can apply for a partner account. This requires a valid e-mail address provided by the player. Any player applying for a partner account has to be 18 years or older. For verification purposes the transfer of a small amount via a defined payment provider may be required and will be refunded if revenue is generated. - Revenue share on sales is calculated based on the net revenue generated for sales transactions (see Purchases) which are processed by using a partner code which links those to a partner. - Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd cannot guarantee revenue. Payout of revenue share amounts is in USD once at the end of the month for the revenue of the previous month. Amounts less than USD 100 will not be transferred but accumulated for a future payout. - Reporting is limited to date, number of transactions and amount in USD. - Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. or Yendis AG can close accounts or stop this service without notice. All funds accumulated and not paid at this time will be paid to the partner. - It is the partners obligation to provide a valid e-mail address that can be used to payouts. Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd. is not responsible for any incorrect transfer resulting from incorrect Information. == YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS == - By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. When playing the game, you will be asked to accept or decline these terms and conditions. == CHANGES TO THIS POLICY == - Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page and the user will be asked to check and confirm or decline these terms & conditions before playing the game. - Last modification/version: see top of page == YENDIS ENTERTAINMENT LTD == Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd ACN 621 971 051 Yendis AG CH CHE-364.191.430 info@yendis.ch CH +41 79 3203543 AUS +61 400 275 866 USA +1 323 300 5962