**Privacy Policy**

Thank you for visiting the Rewards Locker website located at www.rewards-locker.com (the “Site”). The Site is an Internet property of Rewards Locker (“Rewards Locker,” “we,” “our” or “us”). Rewards Locker is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors' personally identifiable information (“PII”). To better inform you of our privacy practices, we provide this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), explaining our online information practices and the choices that you can make regarding the way that your PII is used by us. You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access or use our Site; (b) register for one of our advertised rewards and/or promotions (“Promotion(s)”); and/or (c) register for our services through co-registration on another website. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you are not authorized to enter a Promotion and/or use the Site in any manner or form whatsoever.

* CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

This Site follows generally accepted industry standards to protect personally identifiable information sent to our Site, both during transmission and thereafter. We maintain our servers in a secure and environmentally controlled location and protect our network with a secure firewall. Also, we store personal information only on computers which are connected to the Internet, and actively limit employee, agent, and service providers’ access to users’ information. Despite all of our efforts to maintain your confidentiality and security, no method of transmission over the Internet and no method of electronic storage is completely secure and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. To the extent that you enter information into the Site's webform, please note that we utilize third-party service providers, including ActiveProspect and/or Jornaya, who record consumer interaction on the Site and any entry of information into the Site's webform, including key strokes and click stream data, for the purpose of tracking Site activity, and documenting and retaining a record of consumer consent. By visiting the Site and interacting with the Site, you consent to such tracking, recording, and storage.

* PERSONAL INFORMATION WE WILL COLLECT – CONSUMER NOTICE

We collect PII when you register or sign up for Rewards Locker. PII includes any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. The information that we may request may include, but is not limited to, your: (a) first name; (b) last name; (c) address; (d) phone number; (e) gender; (f) date of birth; (g) email address and/or (h) any other information requested on the applicable registration form. We may also collect your PII when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full. We may also collect the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Yahoo). In addition, we routinely collect and log the IP addresses of our users’ computers in order to enable us to detect unauthorized access and to better manage website traffic, and to detect and log the name of the website they are navigating. We also utilize geo-location technology to capture and log users’ zip code, city, state, region, and country. Moreover, we automatically associate collected and logged information with the registered users’ information that they submit. We also may occasionally supplement the information we collect from our Site with information we receive from outside sources.  
Cookies:  
When a user visits the Site, we may send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files (collectively, “Cookie(s)”) to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable user’s computer or other device. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](https://www.rewards-locker.com/www.cookiecentral.com). We use Cookies to improve the quality of the Site, including for storing user preferences, improving ad selection and tracking Site-user trends (such as pages opened and length of stay at the Site). We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit the Site. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use both personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, phone number, physical or electronic address) and non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at [www.aboutads.info](https://www.rewards-locker.com/www.aboutads.info) or Networking Advertising Initiative at [www.networkadvertising.org/choices](https://www.rewards-locker.com/www.networkadvertising.org/choices). Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the Site; provided, however, that certain functions of the Site and/or Promotions may be impaired or rendered inoperable if the use of Cookies is disabled. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.

* PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will collect personal information from you for the following purposes:

* If you sign up to receive email, we will send you relevant information via email. You can unsubscribe at any time;
* If you sign up to receive marketing and informational phone calls and text messages, we will use such information to contact you;
* To notify you of third party offers;
* To identify your needs and/or preferences;
* To improve the design and content of the Site, and enable us to personalize your experience;
* To use standard analytics tracking on our Site;
* To provide tracking/conversion information about users clicking on advertisements;
* To meet legal and regulatory requirements;
* To record and maintain records of consumer consent obtained through the Site;
* To administer, maintain, manage, and improve our business operations; and
* As otherwise required by law.

* SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may share your personal information under the following circumstances:

* If you have indicated to us that you want to receive relevant email, we share your email address with our marketing partners for the purpose of sending email promotions on our behalf, and third party email promotions;
* If you have indicated to us that you want to receive marketing and informational phone calls and text messages from our marketing partners;
* If we are required by law to do so, or if we believe that the disclosure is required or necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial processing or legal process served on our Site;
* If we believe that it is required by law enforcement in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or a potential threat to the physical safety of a third party;
* In the event of an assignment of this Site for any reason, in which case we will notify you via email of any such change in ownership or control of personal information;
* If we enter into a partnership agreement with a marketing company to initiate email, postal mail, or other marketing campaigns on our behalf;
* With our third party service providers who document and maintain records of consumer consent obtained through the Site;
* If the information is required by our legal, financial, and other professional advisors, or our web developers when we upgrade or improve our Site; and
* If we obtain your advance consent as required by law.

We reserve the right to share, sell, rent or lease such PII with/to any third-party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third-parties may include, but shall not be limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (c) direct marketers.  
You also agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the Site and/or Promotions.  
Rewards Locker is able to offer its services to you, in part, based on your willingness to be reached by our third-party advertisers. Your PII will be shared with advertisers on an aggregate and non-aggregate basis. Please keep in mind that Rewards Locker does not control, and is not responsible for, the practices of our third-party advertisers. If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us and/or third-party advertisers, or if you wish to prevent the transfer and/or sale of your PII to third parties (subject to restrictions contained in applicable state and federal law), please see the Opting-Out/Unsubscribe section below.  
By signing up for our Services whether through co-registration or on the Site, you authorize our marketing partners to contact you by phone using an automatic telephone dialing system, pre-recorded, and artificial voice messages. You agree to receive calls and text messages to the number you provided even if it is a mobile number or you have previously listed yourself on any Do–Not–Call Lists. You may have your telephone number or cell mobile phone number listed on a state or federal do not call registry, but by registering on the Site, you are waiving your rights and privileges under these laws and giving your prior express written permission for Rewards Locker and its marketing partners to contact you by telephone or cell phone and for us to share your email address with these parties.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, Rewards Locker reserves the right to release current or past PII: (i) in the event that we believe that the Site is being or has been used in violation of the Terms and Conditions, or to otherwise commit unlawful acts; (ii) if the information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any PII pursuant to a subpoena; or (iii) if Rewards Locker is sold, merged or acquired.  
Except as provided above, we will not share any of your information with any third party without permission.

* THIRD PARTY LINKS

The Site may contain links to third-party websites (“Third Party Websites”). Please be aware that Rewards Locker is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects PII. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.

* CHILDREN

Our Site is committed to protecting the privacy of children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. Rewards Locker will never knowingly collect any personal information from individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. If Rewards Locker obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information of a minor, that information will be immediately deleted from our database.

* OPTING-OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE

To opt-out of having your PII shared with third parties, please contact us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection). To opt-out of receiving e-mail advertising, SMS text-based marketing (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law), telemarketing and direct mail marketing from us, you can follow the instructions at the end of the applicable marketing message or contact us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your use of the Site, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving Site-related, Promotions-related and/or inquiry response-related messages from Rewards Locker, you must cease using the Site and/or Promotions and cease submitting inquiries to Rewards Locker, as applicable.

* OTHER LEGAL NOTICES

Any dispute over privacy or security will be subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. We will always make every effort to resolve any concerns regarding privacy that arise in connection with this Privacy Policy.

* INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

This section is specific and applies only to Website visitors who are California residents, under the meaning of Section 17014 of Title 18 of the Cal. Code of Regulations. Under the “Shine the Light Law” (California Civil Code Section 1798.83), California residents who have submitted personal information to us are permitted to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to learn how your personal information is shared with third-parties; what categories of personal information that we have shared with third-parties in the preceding year; as well as the names and addresses of those third-parties, please e-mail us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or send us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. Within thirty (30) days of receiving any such request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may not be made more than once per calendar year. If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: www.rewards-locker.com, 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. Place “California Third Party Disclosure” in the subject line and outside envelope. Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes, please e-mail us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or send us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. Pursuant to The California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 (“CalOPPA”) we do not collect nor do we allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information over time and across third party websites and online services. The only third party that has access to data does this only on our Website. As such we have no need of response to browser Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers with choice regarding the collection of such information. We only collect data from our Website (to provide our users with more relevant freebies as they visit our Website). Please carefully read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy as well as this section related to the other categories of personally identifiable information (“PII”) collected and with whom it is shared. _California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq.)_.  In addition to the foregoing, if you are a resident of the State of California certain other privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the CCPA, including:

1. Notice at Collection: at or before the point of collection, the right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information and any sensitive personal information to be collected; the purposes for which such information is collected or used; whether such information is sold or shared; and the length of time that such information is retained. This information is found within this section.
2. Right to Know What Personal Information is Collected & Right to Access Personal Information: The right to know what personal information the business has collected about the consumer, including the categories of personal information, categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about the consumer;
3. Right to Delete: The right to request that a business delete personal information that the business has collected from the consumer, subject to certain exceptions;
4. Right to Correct: The right to correct inaccurate personal information that a business maintains about a consumer;
5. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information: if the business sells or shares personal information, the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information by the business;
6. Right to Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: if the business uses or discloses sensitive personal information for reasons other than those in § 7027(m), the right to limit the use or disclosure of such sensitive personal information; and
7. Right to No Discrimination: The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of CCPA privacy rights.

Information regarding our collection, disclosure, and sale/sharing practices are detailed below, in addition to instructions on how to exercise your CCPA rights.  
  
Categories of Personal Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular User or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from Users within the last twelve (12) months:

|     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Categories of Personal Information** | **We Collect  <br>Yes/No** | **Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information is Collected** | **Specific Business Purpose or Commercial Purpose for Which Each Category Will be Used** | **Length of Retention** |
| Identifiers, or information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>✔️Other third parties? (Partners that send us users) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>✔️ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>✔️Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>✔️ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | Indefinitely to maintain information regarding consent and consent tracking services |
| Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>✔️ Other third parties? (Partners that send us users) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | Indefinitely to maintain information regarding consent and consent tracking services |
| Commercial information (e.g., records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies) | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ Other third parties? (detail who those are…) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>✔️ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>✔️ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>✔️ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | On a per information basis, determined by how long such information could be relevant to the user; maximum of 3 years. |
| Biometric information | No  | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Internet or other electronic network activity information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement) | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ Other third parties? (detail who those are…) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>✔️ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>✔️ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>✔️ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | Indefinitely - stored with the users’ records of consent |
| Geolocation data | No  | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (sensory data) | No  | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Professional or employment-related information | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ Other third parties? (detail who those are…) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>✔️ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | On a per information basis, determined by how long such information could be relevant to the user; maximum of 3 years. |
| Education information | Yes | ✔️ Consumer directly;  <br>​​☐​ Advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ Data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ Gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ Operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ Social networks;  <br>​​☐​ Data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ Other third parties? (detail who those are…) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>✔️ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. | On a per information basis, determined by how long such information could be relevant to the user; maximum of 3 years. |
| Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting their preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes | No  | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Sensitive personal information | No  | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |

  
Disclosure of Personal Information  
  
Except as to personal information that is sold or shared, as noted below under the “What Information Do We Sell or Share?” heading, we have not disclosed personal information for a business purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information.  
  
What Personal Information Do We Sell or Share?  
  
We have sold or shared personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties in the preceding twelve (12) months:

|     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Categories of Personal Information (PI)** | **Categories of Third Parties to Whom Such PI is Sold or Shared** | **Specific Business or Commercial Purpose for Sale or Sharing** |
| Identifiers (e.g., a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers), or information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual | ✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>✔️ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>✔️ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ​​☐​Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law. | ✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>✔️ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>✔️ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ​​☐​Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Commercial information (e.g., records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies) | ✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>​​☐​ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>​​☐​ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ​​☐​Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Biometric information | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Internet or other electronic network activity information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement) | ✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>✔️ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>​​☐​ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ✔️Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Geolocation data | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Professional or employment-related information | ​​☐​ not applicable (not sold or shared)  <br>✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>​​☐​ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>​​☐​ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ​​☐​Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Education information | ​​☐​ not applicable (not sold or shared)  <br>✔️ direct lead buyers;  <br>​​☐​ email marketers/email marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ email service providers;  <br>​​☐​ offline marketing partners;  <br>​​☐​ advertising networks;  <br>​​☐​ payment processors;  <br>​​☐​ data hygiene companies;  <br>​​☐​ ISPs;  <br>​​☐​ data analytics providers;  <br>​​☐​ gov’t entities;  <br>​​☐​ operating systems and platforms;  <br>​​☐​ social networks;  <br>✔️ data brokers;  <br>​​☐​ acquirer of assets;  <br>​​☐​ others? (detail) | ​​☐​Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards  <br>​☐​ Helping to ensure security and integrity;  <br>​​☐​ Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  <br>​​☐​ Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.  <br>✔️ Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.  <br>​​☐​ Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.  <br>✔️ Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. |
| Inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, etc. | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Sensitive personal information | Not applicable | Not applicable |

  
We do not have any actual knowledge of the sale or sharing of personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.  
Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sale/Sharing  
You have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You have the right to direct a business that sells or shares your personal information to stop selling or sharing your personal information, and to refrain from doing so in the future.  
Our homepage features a “CA Consumers: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, which you can click to submit your request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You may also submit a request to opt-out of sale/sharing by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection).  
How to Submit a Request Under the CCPA  
To submit a request to know, request to delete, and/or request to correct, you may email us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection). To process your request, we may require that you submit the following information in conjunction with your request: your first name, last name, a California address, and email address. The information which you provide will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within our data records. The information which you submit in conjunction with your request to know will be used for the express purposes of verification and providing you with responsive information to your request, if required. Please note that we utilize a two-step process for requests to delete, whereby you first submit your request to delete, and second, you separately confirm that you want your personal information deleted. The CCPA permits requests to know regarding collection and sale or sharing from the same consumer no more than twice in a twelve (12) month period.  
How an Authorized Agent Can Make a Request Under the CCPA  
If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to submit a request to know, request to delete, and/or request to correct, before processing the request, we require the purported authorized agent to provide proof of your signed permission to submit the request (unless there is a power of attorney in place pursuant to Probate Code §§ 4121-4130). We also require that you directly verify your own identity with us, and directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf. The information submitted will not be used for any purposes other than to verify the request, fulfill the request, and fraud prevention.  
Updates  
We may revise this section from time to time as implementing regulations further develop and come into effect and we are able to provide you with better information on your CCPA rights and how to exercise them.  
Need More Information or Having Difficulty Accessing this Information?  
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your California privacy rights, or our general privacy policy or practices, you may contact us via email at [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection), or by mail at 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. Further, if you have a disability which interferes with your ability to access this policy, we can make accommodations to present the policy in an alternative format, to assist you. If you would like to receive this information in another format that is accessible to your needs (for example: audio, large print, etc.) please contact us.

* INFORMATION FOR COLORADO RESIDENTS
Pursuant to the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the categories of personal data that are collected or processed and the purposes for such collection or processing are identified under the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect” heading. Except as to personal information that is sold or shared, there are no disclosures to make regarding categories of personal data that are shared with third parties and the categories of such third parties. More information is provided under the “Disclosure of Personal Information” heading. The categories of third parties to whom we sell personal data are identified under the “What Personal Information Do We Sell or Share?” heading. If you would like to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to any third-party, please e-mail us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or send us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. We use personal data for targeted advertising. Targeted advertising is displaying advertisements to a consumer that are selected based on personal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer’s activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests. Colorado residents have the following data rights under the CPA:

* Right to opt-out: of the processing of personal data for targeted advertising, sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer;
* Right to access: may request confirmation on whether we process personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer’s personal data;
* Right to correction: may correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing;
* Right to deletion: may delete personal data; and the
* Right to data portability: in conjunction with the right to access, a consumer may obtain the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.

Colorado residents that wish to exercise any of the above data rights under the CPA may submit a request that specifies the right(s) they wish to invoke by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or sending us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. We require the following information to authenticate your identity: your first name, last name, a Colorado address, and email address. Authorized agents of Colorado residents may submit a request in the same manner. Please note that we must be able to authenticate, with commercially reasonable effort, the identity of the consumer and the authorized agent’s authority to act on such consumer’s behalf, by requiring the following information: the Colorado resident’s first and last name and Colorado address, and proof that such Colorado resident has authorized the agent to submit a request on their behalf.

Our contact information is below. To the extent that we decline to act upon your request, you may appeal by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection). You may contact the Attorney General if you have concerns about the result of the appeal.

* INFORMATION FOR CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS
Pursuant to the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (“CTDPA”), the categories of personal data that are processed and the purposes for processing are identified under the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect” heading. Except as to personal information that is sold or shared, there are no disclosures to make regarding categories of personal data that are shared with third parties and the categories of such third parties. More information is provided under the “Disclosure of Personal Information” heading. The categories of third parties to whom we sell personal data are identified under the “What Personal Information Do We Sell or Share?” heading. Connecticut residents have the following rights under the CTDPA:

* Right to confirmation and access: Confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer’s personal data and access such data (unless confirmation or access would require the controller to reveal a trade secret);
* Right to correct: may correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data;
* Right to delete: may delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, the consumer;
* Right to data portability: may obtain a copy in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows consumer to transmit data to another controller without hindrance, where processing is carried out by automated means, provided that controller shall not be required to reveal any trade secret; and
* Right to opt-out of certain data processing: may opt-out of the processing of personal data for targeted advertising, sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.

Connecticut residents that wish to exercise any of the above rights under the CTDPA may submit a request that specifies the right(s) they wish to invoke by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or sending us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. You are permitted to designate an authorized agent. Information provided in response to a consumer request shall be provided free of charge, once per consumer during any twelve-month period. To the extent that we decline to act upon your request, you may appeal by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection).

* INFORMATION FOR UTAH RESIDENTS
Pursuant to the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”) (§ 13-61-101 et seq.), the categories of personal data that are processed and the purposes for such processing are identified under the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect” heading. Except as to personal information that is sold or shared, there are no disclosures to make regarding categories of personal data that are shared with third parties and the categories of such third parties. More information is provided under the “Disclosure of Personal Information” heading. The categories of third parties to whom we sell personal data are identified under the “What Personal Information Do We Sell or Share?” heading. Consumers have the following rights under the UCPA:

* Right to access: may request confirmation whether a controller is processing the consumer’s personal data; and access the consumer’s personal data;
* Right to delete: may delete the consumer’s personal data;
* Right to obtain a copy/portability: may obtain a copy of the consumer’s personal data, that the consumer previously provided to the controller, in a format that: to the extent technically feasible, is portable; to the extent practicable, is readily usable; and allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without impediment, where the processing is carried out by automated means; and
* Right to opt-out of certain data processing: may opt-out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, or the sale of personal data.

Consumers that wish to exercise any of the above rights under the UCPA may submit a request that specifies the right they wish to exercise by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or sending us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. We require the following information to authenticate your identity: your first name, last name, a Utah address, and email address. your first and last name and Utah address. Please note that We must be able to authenticate a consumer request to exercise a right under the UCPA, using commercially reasonable efforts.

* INFORMATION FOR VIRGINIA RESIDENTS
Pursuant to the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“CDPA”) (Code of Virginia § 59.1-571 et seq.), the categories of personal data that are processed are detailed above under the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect” heading. Except as to personal information that is sold or shared, there are no disclosures to make regarding categories of personal data that are shared with third parties and the categories of such third parties. More information is provided under the “Disclosure of Personal Information” heading. The categories of third parties to whom we sell personal data are identified under the “What Personal Information Do We Sell or Share?” heading. Virginia residents have the following rights under the CDPA:

* Right to access: to request confirmation on whether we process the consumer’s personal data and obtain access such personal data;
* Right to correct: to correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data;
* Right to delete: to delete personal data;
* Right to data portability: to obtain a copy in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format; and
* Right to opt-out of certain data processing: to opt-out of the processing of personal data for targeted advertising, sale of personal data, or profiling.

Virginia residents that wish to exercise any of the above rights under the CDPA may submit a request that specifies that you are a Virginia resident and details the right(s) you wish to invoke by e-mailing us at: [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection); or sending us U.S. Mail to: 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772. To the extent that we decline to act upon your request, you may appeal by e-mailing us at [\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection).

* INFORMATION FOR MONTANA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of the State of Montana, certain privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (“MCDPA”), including the right to correct personal information we have collected about you, the right to delete the personal information we have collected about you, the right to opt-out of our use/sharing of your sensitive personal information, the right to opt-out from the use of your personal data for certain profiling activities, the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising, the right to opt-out of our sale/sharing of your personal information, as well as the right to know what personal information about you we have collected, whether your personal information was shared with third-parties in the preceding year and, if so, what categories of personal information were shared, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.

* INFORMATION FOR TEXAS RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of the State of Texas, certain privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”), including the right to correct personal information we have collected about you, the right to delete the personal information we have collected about you, the right to opt-out of our use/sharing of your sensitive personal information, the right to opt-out from the use of your personal data for certain profiling activities, the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising, the right to opt-out of our sale/sharing of your personal information, as well as the right to know what personal information about you we have collected, whether your personal information was shared with third-parties in the preceding year and, if so, what categories of personal information were shared, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.

* INFORMATION FOR OREGAN RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon, certain privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”), including the right to correct personal information we have collected about you, the right to delete the personal information we have collected about you, the right to opt-out of our use/sharing of your sensitive personal information, the right to opt-out from the use of your personal data for certain profiling activities, the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising, the right to opt-out of our sale/sharing of your personal information, as well as the right to know what personal information about you we have collected, whether your personal information was shared with third-parties in the preceding year and, if so, what categories of personal information were shared, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.

* CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more information regarding our privacy practices, please email us at:[\[email protected\]](https://www.rewards-locker.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection), or contact us by postal mail at: www.rewards-locker.com 414 S SERVICE ROAD #311, PATCHOGUE NY 11772.

* CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion without prior notice. If we make any material amendments, we will advise you about those changes by notifying you in a prominent place on our Website. You should check back with us from time to time in order to confirm that there have been no significant changes. Please note that the use of information that we gather is subject to the Privacy Policy then in effect when we gather the information.

* EFFECTIVE DATE
Our Privacy Policy was last modified November 14, 2023.