[GPTGO](https://gptgo.ai/)

* [Contact](#contact)

GPTGO.AI's terms of use are as follows:
=======================================

  

By accessing information on GPTGO.AI, or referred to as GPTGO, GPTGO, GPTGO.ai, the user agrees to abide by the terms and regulations set forth herein.

1\. Using the service:
----------------------

GPTGO is an api-integrated search website legally purchased from Google Search and ChatGPT (OpenAI), so the current content of GPTGO will be similar to that of Google and ChatGPT,

* Google and ChatGPT are separate entities and the integration of ChatGPT replies into the Google search engine does not imply any formal partnership or ownership. The information provided through this platform is based on the best knowledge available and while every effort is made to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information provided, no guarantees are made. out or implied. Users of this platform should always verify and cross-check any information they find here with other sources before making decisions based on it.
    
* ChatGPT is an AI-powered chatbot that provides answers to user queries based on its understanding of the questions and available knowledge. The responses provided by ChatGPT are generated by ChatGPT's algorithms and are not reviewed or edited by humans. As a result, the accuracy and completeness of the responses provided cannot be guaranteed and users should use their own judgment and verify any information provided by ChatGPT before acting. GPTGO does not accept any responsibility or liability for the responses provided by ChatGPT, and users of the platform do so at their own risk.
    
* All information provided on the GPTGO website is for reference only and should not be considered 100% accurate and complete. The user is solely responsible for any action based on this information.
    
* All information and data provided on GPTGO makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability and suitability of the user's intended use.
    
* Users understand that GPTGO does not control or be responsible for the content of external websites linked on the GPTGO website.
    
* GPTGO.ai is not responsible for any damages arising from the use of information found on the website.
    
* Users must comply with GPTGO's rules, guidelines and policies when using this website. GPTGO reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate access and use of the website for those who violate these terms and policies.
    
* Users understand that GPTGO does not provide any technical support in connection with their use of the website.
    
* GPTGO reserves the right to change, update, modify or remove any content, functionality or features of the website without prior notice to the user.
    
* GPTGO makes no representations, warranties, or warranties of any kind as to the availability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of the intellectual property rights of any third parties.
    

  

2\. Copyright:
--------------

Between you and GPTGO.ai, all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, domain names, logos, documents, data, images, software and source code, when access to the website of GPTGO.ai belongs to GPTGO.ai.

  

3\. Information security:
-------------------------

GPTGO.ai is committed to the privacy of users' information, and does not share information with third parties without the consent of the user. However, GPTGO.ai does not guarantee the security of data when transmitted over an internet connection.

  

4\. Disclaimer:
---------------

GPTGO.ai is not responsible for any loss or damage, including but not limited to economic loss, loss of business damage, direct, indirect, special or incidental damages. arising from accessing or using the GPTGO.ai website. GPTGO disclaims the same as Google and ChatGPT (OpenAI). In short, when using GPTGO, you are solely responsible and GPTGO is not responsible for any loss or damage incurred. Therefore, you need to read and understand the Google and OpenAI disclaimers before using GPTGO.

  

5\. Modify terms of use:
------------------------

GPTGO.ai reserves the right to amend or change the terms of use at any time without prior notice. Users are advised to check the terms of use regularly for the most up-to-date information.

  

Please read carefully and understand the terms of GPTGO.ai before using the service. Using the service means that the user has agreed to the terms and conditions listed on the website.

Email: [\[email protected\]](https://gptgo.ai/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

* * *

© 2023 Copyright GPTGO.AI