Pearson Education Transfer Impact Assessment - United States of America



Last reviewed in October 2021



On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued its ruling in the case of the

Irish Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems (Case C-311/18)

("Schrems II").



The ruling invalidated reliance on the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as a lawful means to transfer

personal data from the European Economic Area ("EEA") to the United States, while also affirming the EU

Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) as a valid data transfer solution.



This is a living document and Pearson will continue to update it. The document has been prepared for

Pearson’s customers and other stakeholders to help explain Pearson’s approach to the protection of

personal information pursuant to the Schrems II decision.



This document may be particularly helpful to customers who need to perform their own data transfer

impact assessment pursuant to the Schrems II decision. This document does not form a part of any

contractual document or agreement. It is provided solely as a source of informationand customers should

make their own determinations and, if necessary, seek independent legal advice.



Overview of the Data being Transferred

Description of the Transfer Pearson Education Inc, its affiliates, and subsidiaries

(‘Pearson’) processes customer personal information

in order to provide the educational and assessment

products purchased by customers (‘the Services’)

Safeguards relied upon to protect the data being

transferred

The Standard Contractual Clauses published by the

European Commission.

Describe the data being transferred and the reasons

for it.

The processing activities for the Services include the

delivery of course content, assessments and

educational activities chosen by institutions or

individual consumers and the storage of that

information together with related account

configuration, maintenance ,in-app activity and

customer and business support activities.

Categories of personal information being transferred Account Registration data: Limited personal

information is collected during the registration process

for the Services. This normally includes First Name,

Last Name and email address. In addition, where

relevant, we may also collect a learner's institution

and course identifier. Personal information for

institutional account administrators will also include

their job title and the billing address for that

institutional customer.



User Generated data: As users of the Services,

learners and instructors/admninistrators may also

generate personal information when using the

Services, including assignments, student coursework,

responses to interactive exercises, scores, grades and

instructor comments.



Service Generated data: Device and product useage

data which is collected or generated in the course of a

user interacting with the Services.



None of the information collected or generated by the

Services is likely to be of interest to government or

surveillance activities and it does not include social

media content or other material shared or created in

forums or discussion groups. This information is

described in more detail in Pearson’s Digital Learning

Services Privacy Notice.



The recipients of the personal information Pearson is the recipient of the personal information. A

list of the third party suppliers and sub-processors

whom Pearson relies upon to provide its services is

available from your Pearson representative (this list

varies by product).

Why must this personal information be processed

outside of the UK/European Economic Area?

The Services are designed in and supported from the

United States and, in addition to ensuring that

customers can benefit from 24/7/365 support,

Pearson may need to store personal information in or

access it from the United States in order to ensure

that the Services can be delivered.

B. Regulatory Framework

Is the recipient in the UK or EEA? No. Pearson is located in the United States of America

and third part sub-processors may also be located

outside the UK/EEA.

Has the recipient country implemented legislation or

executive powers which could affect Pearson’s ability

to comply with its obligations under applicable data

protection legislation?



Yes

• Pursuant to s. 702 FISA, the United State s

government ("USG") can compel "electronic

communications service providers" to disclose

information about non-US persons located outside

the US for the purposes of foreign intelligence

information gathering. This information gathering is

jointly authorised by the US Attorney General and the

Director of National Intelligence, and must be

approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance

Court in Washington, DC. Once approved, USG sends

relevant providers certain “selectors” (such as

telephone numbers or email addresses) associated

with specific "targets" (such as a non-US person or

legal entity). In-scope providers must comply with

these directives in secret and are not allowed to

notify their users. In-scope providers are electronic

communication service providers ("ECSP") within 50

U.S.C § 1881(b)(4), namely: electronic

communication service providers ("ECS") and remote

computing service providers ("RCS"), as defined

under 18 U.S.C. § 2510 and 18 U.S.C. § 2711; a

telecommunications carrier, as defined in 47 U.S.C.

§153 – i.e., a provider that has traffic flowing through

its internet backbone and that carries traffic for third

parties other than its own customers; any other

communication service provider who has access to

wire or electronic communications either as such

communications are transmitted or as such

communications are stored; and any other relevant

U.S. entity that is an officer, employee, or agent of

one of the entities described above.



• Pursuant to Executive Order 12333

("EO12333"), USG authorises intelligence agencies

(like the US National Security Agency) to conduct

surveillance outside of the US. In particular,

it provides authority for US intelligence agencies

collect foreign "signals intelligence" information,

being information collected from communications

and other data passed or accessible by radio, wire

and other electromagnetic means. This may include

accessing underwater cables carrying Internet data in

transit to the United States. EO12333 does not rely

on the compelled assistance of service providers, but

instead appears to rely on exploiting vulnerabilities in

telecommunications infrastructure.



• Pursuant to the Electronic Communications

Privacy Act ("ECPA"), all ECS and RCS may or must

disclose user/subscriber records and

communications, both to law enforcement and

private parties. Generally, ECPA restricts when ECS

and RCS can freely disclose information.

Communications content (email, private messages,

photographs, etc.) is generally subject to the strictest

rules, and "basic" subscriber information (name of

account holder, types of service they receive, etc.)

are provided the least protection. An ECS/RCS can be

subject to various types of legal process (subpoena,

2\. 18 U.S.C. 2703(d) court order, court-issued ECPA

warrant, pen register and trap and trace court order

and court-issued Title III Wiretap), each of which is

either issued by a court or otherwise subject to

judicial oversight. An ECS or RCS may be compelled to

produce data to U.S. law enforcement for criminal

investigative purposes if such data is within its

possession, custody, or control regardless of whether

such data is stored within or outside of the United

States and often regardless of whether the ECS or RCS

itself is in physical possession of the data.



• National Security Letters ("NSLs") can be

issued without judicial oversight under ECPA, the Fair

Credit Reporting Act, and the Right to Financial

Privacy Act. The USG must certify that the

information sought is relevant to an authorized

investigation to protect against international

terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.



Is Pearson potentially within the scope of the

legislation and powers described above?

Not directly. Pearson is not an ECSP, ECS or RCS as

define above however as a US business Pearson

inevitably relies upon sub-processors who are

governed by the legislation in question.



Moreover, there is a possibility that personal

information transmitted to or from Pearson will be

accessed by the United States government acting in

accordance with EO 12333.

For the sake of clarity and avoidance of doubt,

Pearson does not and has not provided the US

government with any information or assistance in

connection with EO123333 and it does not permit the

creation or use of vulnerabilities in its infrastructure

which might support such activity.



As a result, Pearson has implemented the

supplementary measures referred to below in order to

address the potential gaps in the protection afforded

to personal information which is transferred to it.

C. Assessment of Recipient’s Safeguards

Has Pearson ever received any requests for access to

data from public authorities in the United States for

access to personal information relating to personal

information from the UK or EEA and that it is not

prohibited from providing information about such

requests or their absence.



Pearson has never received an order to disclose

personal information from the EEA or UK to US

government agencies. This reflects the fact that the

personal information processed by Pearson is unlikely

to be of use to such government agencies for the

prevention and detection of criminal activity or other

unlawful behaviors.



Could Pearson be subject to a request for access to

personal information in the UK or EEA under FISA?

No. Pearson is not subject to FISA as it is not an ECSP,

ECS or RCS for the purposes of that legislation.

Is Pearson subject to EO 123333? Pearson does not voluntarily provide information or

assistance in connection with EO123333 and EO 12333

cannot be used to compel Pearson to provide any such

assistance.

Does Pearson have policies organizational methods or

standards in place which apply to the transfer of

personal information and access to transferred

information by third parties?



Yes. Adequate internal policies exist with clear

allocation of responsibilities for data transfers,

reporting channels and standard operating procedures

for formal or informal requests to access the

data (especially for intragroup transfers), including

appointment of a specific team (IT, data protection

and privacy experts) to deal with requests that involve

personal data transferred from the UK/EEA;

notification to senior legal and corporate management

upon receipt of such requests; procedural steps to

challenge disproportionate or unlawful requests; and

provision of transparent information to data subjects.



Training is in place for personnel in charge of

managing requests for access, periodically updated to

reflect new legal developments in the United States,

UK and EEA, including on EU and UK requirements as

to access by public authorities to personal data, in

particular Article 52 (1) Charter of Fundamental Rights,

raising awareness of personnel by assessment of

practical examples of public authorities’ data access

requests and by applying the Article 52(1) standard to

the practical examples, taking into account local

legislation and regulations



Does Pearson maintain transparency and

accountability measures regarding public authorities

access to personal information?



Yes. Pearson documents and records requests and

responses for all access requests whatever the source.

However, Pearson has no information to disclose

regarding US government requests as it has never

received any and has not been obliged to keep any

such requests confidential.

Will Pearson notify customers about any government

request for access to personal information?

Yes. Pearson will notify any Customer whose personal

information is affected by such a request unless

expressly prohibited from doing so by applicable law.

Does Pearson pseudonymise personal information

before it is transferred?

Yes. Even though Pearson products and platforms may

be supported from the United States Pearson seeks to

localize personal information by default so that

personally identifiable information is stored in the UK

and/or EEA.



Pearson’s identity management systems used for

accessing digital products have been designed to store

personally identifiable information in the region from

which it originates, whilst data relating to the usage of

platforms, which on its own cannot be used to identify

users, is stored in the United States and in other

countries.



Disclosure or unauthorized use of the information

needed to identify specific users is prevented by

appropriate organizational and technical safeguards,

including the implementation of least privilege access

controls, training for all employees on the handling of

personal information and in particular on dealing with

requests for access to personal information.

D. Security Measures \& Additional Safeguards

What security measures does Pearson have in place to

mitigate the risk associated with transferring personal

information outside the UK and EEA?



All personal information is encrypted at rest and in

transit using state-of-the-art encryption algorithms

which are implemented using software without known

vulnerabilities.

Transport encryption is used with state-of-the-art

encryption protocols to provide effective protection

against active and passive attacks with resources

known to be available to the public authorities



Specific protective state-of-the-art measures are used

against active and passive attacks on sending and

receiving systems providing transport encryption,

including tests for software vulnerabilities and

possible backdoors.



What other security measures are in place? A detailed description of the security measures used

to protect personal information is contained in

Pearson’s General Security Overview.

Has Pearson implemented confidentiality, audit and

escalation measures governing transfers of, and access

to, data

Yes. Pearson has in place strict and granular data access

and confidentiality policies and best practices, based on

a strict need-to-know principle, monitored with regular

audits and enforced through disciplinary measures,

focusing on data minimisation with technical measures

to restrict access (it might not be necessary to transfer

certain data e.g., restricting remote access to EEA data

for support, or when service provision only requires

transfer of a limited dataset and not the entire

database).

Pearson has also engaged in the development of best

practices to appropriately and timely involve and

provide access to information to the data protection

officer and to legal and internal auditing services on

matters related to international transfers of personal

data, before transfers are effected

Is there evidence of adoption of standards and best

practices by group companies importing personal

information?



Yes. Pearson has in place strict data security and data

privacy policies, based on EU certification or codes of

conducts or on international standards (e.g. ISO norms)

and best practices (e.g., ENISA) with due regard to the

state of the art, in accordance with the risk of the

categories of data processed.



Pearson has adopted and regularly reviews internal

policies to assess suitability of implemented

complementary measures and identify and implement

additional or alternative solutions when necessary, to

ensure that an essentially equivalent level of protection

is maintained.



Pearson group companies have also provided

commitments not to engage in any onward transfer of

the personal data within the same or other third

countries, or suspend ongoing transfers, when an

essentially equivalent level of protection cannot be

guaranteed.

E. Overall Risk Assessment

Assessment of the risk associated with this transfer

In view of the assessments of the group structure, the

location of group companies in the United States, the

data transferred, and the appropriate safeguards

implemented by the group, the risk of proceeding with

the intra-group transfers is modest and the transfers

should be permitted to proceed.



Risk mitigations measures recommended prior to

transfer:

Apart from the privacy requirements outlined in the

intra-group agreement to secure data in the data,

privacy impact assessments are performed by

Pearson’s Data Privacy Office prior to transfers being

carried out and to review alternatives to data transfers

wherever possible.