> **WIGLE - INDIVIDUAL, NON-COMMERCIAL DATA LICENSE AGREEMENT**
> 
> Updated 7/12/18
> 
> DATA LICENSE AGREEMENT. This legal document is an agreement between you (the "Licensee") and WiGLE, LLC ("WiGLE"). By clicking on "Register!" on the WiGLE Registration page, you consent to become bound by this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete agreement between you and WiGLE, unless you have separately entered into an agreement with WiGLE allowing for commercial use of WiGLE data. If you do not fully accept this Agreement, DO NOT CLICK "Register!".
> 
> LICENSE GRANT. In consideration of clicking the "Register" link, WiGLE grants you a non-exclusive right to use the maps and access point database (hereinafter, "the Data") solely for your personal, research or educational, non-commercial purposes.
> 
> RESTRICTIONS. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, transfer, distribute, copy, or sell the Data in its entirety or in any part for any commercial consideration, gain, or benefit. You may not use the access granted hereby to allow access to the Data to any third party, or share your credentials, including any username or password, with anyone else.
> 
> TERMINATION. You may terminate the license provided for pursuant to this Agreement by destroying and/or deleting all portions of the Data that you may have copied. The license provided for pursuant to this Agreement is automatically terminated without notice if you violate any part of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the license provided for pursuant to this Agreement, you shall immediately destroy and delete all portions of the Data upon any such termination, and any further usage shall be a material breach of this Agreement.
> 
> WiGLE DOES NOT CONDONE, ENDORSE OR ENCOURAGE ILLEGAL ACTIVITY. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE DATA IS NOT TO BE USED FOR ANY ILLEGAL PURPOSE. SUCH USE AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATES THE LICENSE PROVIDED FOR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. FURTHER, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT POSSESSION OF THE DATA MAY BE RESTRICTED BY STATE OR LOCAL LAWS AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE DETERMINED THAT POSSESSION OF THE DATA VIOLATES NO SUCH LAWS IN YOUR JURISDICTION.
> 
> THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR THE DATA EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT, MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL WiGLE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES OR LOST DATA OR PROFITS TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
> 
> GENERAL. Except to the extent that you have entered into a commercial license with WiGLE, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and WiGLE. You acknowledge that the terms and conditions of the Agreement are subject to change without notice. Your continued use of the Data constitutes acceptance of these and any and all modified terms and conditions. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. WiGLE reserves all rights not expressly granted. In the event that WiGLE uses legal process in connection with exercising its rights or ensuring your compliance with your obligations, WiGLE shall be entitled to recover its full costs and expenses, including reasonable fees of counsel, and all other appropriate relief. Waiver of any breach by WiGLE is not considered to be a waiver of any other breach. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more are judicially determined to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions or portions shall remain binding. WiGLE considers this data to be a unique and valuable asset and has the right to seek whatever equitable and legal redress that may be available for your breach of this license.