TKKS Privacy Policy (The Krazy Krew's Studios is a sole proprietorship company that shall be referred to as "The Krazy Krew's Studios" & "TKKS" in this policy.) • DATA COLLECTION TKKS may collect: 1. The number of times you open TKKS websites & apps (collectively, "products") 2. The operating systems of the devices you open TKKS products on 3. The amount of time your operating system spends on TKKS products • DATA COLLECTION PURPOSE TKKS collects the number of times you open TKKS products to create a profile of TKKS products so that the owners of TKKS can see the number of times TKKS products were opened worldwide, & how much time is spent on them overall. TKKS does this just to have an estimation of how many people are opening & staying on TKKS products. TKKS also collects the name of the OS ("Operating System") that you open TKKS products on just to see which OS has the most opens on TKKS products & which OS spends the most time on them. The TKKS owners only do this to keep TKKS an all-inclusive company that welcomes all operating systems & has a perfection adjustment for every last one of them. To put it simply, TKKS only collects your OS data. TKKS does not collect any of your personal information, or any other data that can be used to track you. Additionally, TKKS does not sell your OS data to other companies or anyone else. To sum this up, TKKS creates a profile of itself, not you, & TKKS only does it so that all users can enjoy the TKKS perfection all the same. © The Krazy Krew's Studios