Privacy policy
==============

Last updated: October 14, 2022

Interpretation and Definitions

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

**Account**means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

**Company**  (referred to as either "the Company", “Renderforest”, "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Renderforest LLC, a company organised and existing under the laws of the Republic of Armenia, with its registered address at: Paruyr Sevak 11/1 building, 0035, Yerevan, Armenia.

**Cookies**  are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

**Country**  refers to: Armenia

**Device**  means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

**Personal Data**  is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

**Service**  refers to the Website and the services thereof.

**Service Provider**  means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

**Third-party Social Media Service**  refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

**Usage Data**  refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Website**  refers to the official website of Renderforest, accessible from  [https://www.renderforest.com](https://www.renderforest.com/)

**You**  means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

* Email address
* First name and last name Usage Data
* Address and postal code
* Phone/mobile number
* Your unique username and password combination for your account

Additional information is processed on an ongoing basis: We may also collect:

* Payment information and details of transactions you carry out through the site, including your payments
* Communications with us or our employees, for example, calls, emails, and messages sent through the form

Pages that you visited including what you have clicked on. (see the Cookie Policy below for more information).

#### Security and Data Privacy

This section of the policy applies to Renderforest users that are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or United Kingdom (UK). Renderforest processes your personal data in accordance with European laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR).

For the purposes of the GDPR and UK GDPR, Renderforest LLC is the controller of your personal data. Renderforest LLC's registered address is at Paruyr Sevak 11/1 Yerevan, 0035, Armenia, 2013, and we can be contacted using the details provided in "Contact Us" section below.

In certain circumstances, we process personal data as a processor on behalf of our customer. Renderforest's  [Terms of Use](https://www.renderforest.com/terms-and-conditions#interpretation-and-definitions)set out the circumstances where Renderforest processes personal data as a processor. In these cases, it is the Renderforest customer that is responsible for the processing of your personal data. If you have questions or concerns about how your personal data is handled by one of our customers, you should contact the relevant customer that is using our Service and refer to their separate privacy policies.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We collect your data automatically when you browse our website. Renderforest may use cookies to improve its website and user experience. This will not, under any circumstances, affect your privacy or data security. Members who disable cookies will not be able to use the service, as they are required to maintain your login to our website within a browser session.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

The personal information collected by Renderforest may be used to inform You about your purchase or if You want to purchase a certain product. If You have given your consent to send you email newsletters, we may also use this information to inform you about specific services that you may be interested in.

For certain video templates, Renderforest enabled a new feature based on machine learning algorithms and AI principles, which allows Renderforest editor to generate animated stories from video scripts. By using the information from previously created animated videos, the automated system creates a new animation based on a video script. Collecting and processing such kind of anonymous information has no purpose other than to enhance the user experience within the website.

#### Information from Third-Party Social Media Services

The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:

If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, including but not limited to Your name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.

You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. In order to gain full understanding of what kind of information the social media platforms share with us, please refer to the provider’s privacy policy.  
([Google Privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy),  [Facebook Privacy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy))

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

**Cookies or Browser Cookies.**  A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

When visiting the Website , certain information is being recorded which is generally anonymous information and does not reveal your identity. The Company uses cookies either directly by itself or its chosen partner(s), to operate the website and improve its user experience, enable you to save time and facilitate future access to the website, content and the effectiveness of our communications; collect and share device data to detect and prevent devices associated with any type of abuse. This will not, under any circumstances, affect your privacy or data security. Members who disable all cookies will not be able to use the service, as some of them are essential to maintain your login to our website within a browser session. However, you can block or delete them by changing your browser settings at any time. We store such cookies for a period of 30 days, after which the cookies are deleted.

Essential Website Cookies are:

|     |     |
| --- | --- |
| forest.sid | for user login session identification. |
| seenTutorial | for knowing whether user has already seen tutorial in our editor or not. |

We also use third party advertising companies to advertise Renderforest based on prior visits to our website. For instance, if you visit the Website, you may later be exposed to ads for our products when visiting Facebook. Should you wish, you can disable any Renderforest ads from the cookie settings of the third-party providers. In this case you will be able to use the Website without being imposed to see any of our ads.

Such third-party cookies are:

|     |     |
| --- | --- |
| \_cfduid | CloudFlare Service cookie for providing security, preventing attacks, mitigating DDoS. |
| \_csrf | for mitigating XSS attacks. |
| \_ga | Google Analytics for gathering information to understand interactions with our website and refine that experience. |

You can modify your browser preferences to accept all cookies or to reject them. If you choose to reject all essential website cookies we will not be able to provide you with our services as it would be impossible to keep you logged in without using them.  
Further information about cookies can be found at: www.allaboutcookies.org.

#### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

**To provide and maintain our Service,**  including to monitor the usage of our Service.

**To manage Your Account:**  to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

**For the performance of a contract:**  the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

**To contact You:**  To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

**To provide You**  with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.  
If you give us your explicit consent, we will periodically send you emails providing you with marketing information about products and services that might be of interest to you. You have the choice to opt-out of these communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the end of every email newsletter.  
If there are any technical problems with unsubscribing, contact  [dpo@renderforest.com](mailto:dpo@renderforest.com)  and we will willingly solve the issue.

**To manage Your requests:**  To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

**To deliver targeted advertising to You:**  We may use Your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third-party vendors who do so) tailored to Your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.

**For business transfers:**  We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

**For other purposes:**  We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

**With Service Providers:**  We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.

**For business transfers:**  We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.

**With Affiliates:**  We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.

**With business partners:**  We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.

**With other users:**  when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity.  
Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.

**With Your consent:**  We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

#### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The video projects you create and the media files you upload from your device are saved on your personal media library. Renderforest may permanently delete your personal files after 60 days from your last activity, if you have not made any purchase.

Your profile and edited videos will be available only to you as a sole user. The videos you created with Renderforest will be available on ‘My Videos’ page and are marked ‘unlisted’ by default. That means only people with the link can see your videos. You can make them private if you do not wish anybody else but yourself to have access to them or you can make them available for other Renderforest users to see or share. In this case, we do not accept responsibility for the way they will use that data.

Also, Renderforest provides its users the opportunity to interact and post content through various social media sites. Your interactions with such websites are publicly viewable outside of the website domain. Each social media site has its own privacy policy which may more or less protect the interests of those website owners than this privacy policy protects our and your interests. If you do not wish for this information to be disclosed, then you should not use these online tools.

Please, think carefully before giving your information to anyone else or making it publicly available.

The images you choose to share with us are cached to make data exchange easier and quicker.

If you decide to delete any media files, they will still be available via the corresponding file link as long as the TTL (Time to Live) has not expired.

#### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

#### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

Forms of Disclosure

We do use services of third-party providers to operate our website. These service providers have access to personal information needed to perform such functions on our behalf and authorized to use your personal information to provide these services to us.

The services include credit card processings, analytics service providers, customer service, YouTube API services and transactional message delivering companies that we believe are in full compliance with the applicable legislation. As their services require, we may transfer as much of your personal information to them as necessary for them to perform their services. All of our third-party cooperator companies are located in countries ensuring adequate level of data protection.

Apart from third party providers, we may also disclose your personal information in the following situations:

* Under the specific circumstances where we are authorized or required by law to do so.
* To address financial or reputational risks.

Any disclosure of your personal information will be done to protect your or our company’s vital interests as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees or agents with a prior notice to you by email. Your personal data will only be used to protect our legitimate interests and will never be provided to other parties for advertising, marketing or other commercial uses without your consent.

#### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.  
While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

#### Protection of Your Information

Renderforest will store all user information in secure databases protected in a variety of industry-standard access controls to assist us in protecting your data. However, no company can fully eliminate security risks associated with the transmission of personal information through online transactions, and you do so at your own risk.

We offer the use of a secure server and implement various security measures to keep the safety of any personal information you submit to Renderforest. All sensitive information (such as credit card details) are stored on secure servers that are managed by Renderforest and our service providers. After any transaction, your credit card details and financial information are immediately deleted from our servers.

Renderforest may also employ some safety procedures to help protect your information from loss, unauthorized access, alteration or destruction.

If you have any questions about security measures on this website, please send us an email at  [dpo@renderforest.com](mailto:dpo@renderforest.com).

#### End Users

If your user platform created with Renderforest Website Maker or any of Renderforest services related to your user platform are ceased, it may cause or result in the loss of certain content including but not limited to user data, user content, domain name reservation or registration processes. Renderforest shall not be held liable for such capacity loss, or for not saving a backup of your user account, content or the data of your end users.

You are responsible for the security and authorized usage of the personal information you collect from your end users. You shall obtain consents, provide all required notices and fulfill all the requirements of applicable laws for the collection and usage of such data.

Renderforest may process non-personal and personal Information from your end users solely on your behalf. When a user collects the end user data via third party services like Gmail or manages the contacts via the user platform, Renderforest stores this data on behalf of the user and in no way shall be considered a controller of such data. The users controlling and operating such users-of-users Information are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection, control and use of such data.

Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data

### Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data

The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.

Renderforest uses  **YouTube API**  to control the player directly from the website. This makes it possible for our users to directly publish videos on YouTube. By using this feature of the Website, you acknowledge to be bound by  [YouTube Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms)  and  [Google’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en).

In addition to Renderforest's procedure for deleting the stored data through the Website, users can cancel Renderforest's access to their data via  [Google security settings](https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). If you have any complaints regarding Renderforest’s privacy practices incorporated with YouTube API, contact our Support Team via  [dpo@renderforest.com](mailto:dpo@renderforest.com).

Renderforest uses  **Storyblocks API**  to make it possible for our users to integrate stock videos into their projects. All the 115.000+ royalty free stock videos are the property of Storyblocks((Multimedia, Games & Graphics Software, 1515 N Courthouse Rd Suite 1000, Arlington, VA 22201, United States), and the Website users are allowed to use these footages without any restriction for as long as they are incorporated into videos created by our users through our video templates.

Renderforest uses  **Amazon’s**  and  **Wasabi’s**  cloud services to store video content. Find more about  [Amazon Privacy Notice](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr),  [AWS Site Terms](https://aws.amazon.com/terms/?nc1=f_pr), and  [Wasabi’s Privacy Policy](https://wasabi.com/legal/privacy-policy/)  and  [Terms of Use here](https://wasabi.com/legal/storage-platform/).

#### Analytics

We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:  [https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

Data Studio

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  
[https://support.google.com/datastudio/answer/7020012?hl=en&ref\_topic=7156687](https://support.google.com/datastudio/answer/7020012?hl=en&ref_topic=7156687)

#### Email Marketing

We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.

We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.

Active Campaign

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  
[https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/privacy-policy?\_ga=2.171024992.1923487311.16 61767633-297860928.1661248964](https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/privacy-policy?_ga=2.171024992.1923487311.16%2061767633-297860928.1661248964)

#### Payments

Renderforest uses  **Paddle**  services to process multi-currency payment transactions. This allows our users to pay in their local currency. We believe that all our third-party partners are in full compliance with the requirements of applicable legislation. However, they may have privacy notices other than described in this policy, so we encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of every website that collects personally identifiable information. Find more about  [Paddle’s Buyer Privacy Notice](https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy)  here.

Other companies whose services we use are presented below:  
**Yoocassa**  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  [https://yoomoney.ru/page?id=527708](https://yoomoney.ru/page?id=527708)  
**Apple Store In-App Payments**  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  [https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/)  
**Google Play In-App Payments**  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  [https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)  
**PayPal**  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  [https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full)

#### Behavioral Remarketing

The Company uses remarketing services to advertise to You after You accessed or visited our Service. We and Our third-party vendors use cookies and non-cookie technologies to help Us recognize Your Device and understand how You use our Service so that We can improve our Service to reﬂect Your interests and serve You advertisements that are likely to be of more interest to You.

These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies and to enable Us to:

* Measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on Our Service
* Show advertisements for our products and/or services to You on third-party websites or apps
* Measure and analyze the performance of Our advertising campaigns

Some of these third-party vendors may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit You to block such technologies. You can use the following third-party tools to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving You interest-based advertising:

* The NAI's opt-out platform:  [http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)
* The EDAA's opt-out platform:  [http://www.youronlinechoices.com/](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)
* The DAA's opt-out platform:  [http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN)

You may opt-out of all personalized advertising by enabling privacy features on Your mobile device such as Limit Ad Tracking (iOS) and Opt Out of Ads Personalization (Android). See Your mobile device Help system for more information.

We may share information, such as hashed email addresses (if available) or other online identifiers collected on Our Service with these third-party vendors. This allows Our third-party vendors to recognize and deliver You ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by these third-party vendors and their cross-device capabilities please refer to the Privacy Policy of each vendor listed below.

The third-party vendors We use are:

Google Ads (AdWords)

Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:  [http://www.google.com/settings/ads](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -  [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)  - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:  [https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

Facebook

Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:  [https://www.facebook.com/help/516147308587266](https://www.facebook.com/help/516147308587266)

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:  [https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217](https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217)

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA  [http://www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada  [http://youradchoices.ca/](http://youradchoices.ca/)  or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe  [http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/), or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:  [https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation)

#### Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous

We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.

Invisible reCAPTCHA

We use an invisible captcha service named reCAPTCHA. reCAPTCHA is operated by Google.

The reCAPTCHA service may collect information from You and from Your Device for security purposes.

The information gathered by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Google:  [https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

FreshDesk

FreshDesk is a customer support software. The service is operated by Freshworks, Inc.

FreshDesk service may collect information from Your Device.

The information gathered by FreshDesk is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy:  [https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/](https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/)

Affiliate Programs and Social Media

### Affiliate Programs and Social Media

Renderforest allows all of its users to participate in any contest or take advantage of any promotion our website has to offer. If you agree to participate in our affiliate programs, contests, and promotions, you acknowledge that you may be obligated to share your personal information with us. Also, if you agree to use our affiliate program, any registered user must acknowledge that s/he voluntarily provided the email address of another person or party. This information can be used to contact and encourage this third party to use our services.

In addition, Renderforest provides users the opportunity to interact and post content through various social media sites. Your interactions with such tools are publicly viewable outside of the website domain. Each social media site has its own privacy policies which may be more or less protected than our policy. If you do not wish for this information to be disclosed, then you should not use these online tools.

Children's Privacy

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Right to Access

### Right to Access

You have a right to ask for a copy of your personal information that we possess at any time. If you wish to do so, please contact us at  [dpo@renderforest.com](mailto:dpo@renderforest.com)  and after verifying your identity, we will provide you with an electronic copy of your personal information as soon as convenient within 72 hours. The only case we will not be able to provide you with such access would be its affecting the rights and freedom of others.

You have a full access to any personal information you provide us and you can change or delete it at any time. You can directly change your username by logging in to the website and accessing your profile settings. And you can request our support team to change your email address whenever there is a need to do so. Unfortunately it’s technically impossible for you to do it on your own for now.

Right to Be Forgotten

### Right to Be Forgotten

If you no longer want us to possess your personal information or to provide you with Renderforest services, you can erase all your personal information by simply deleting your Renderforest account.

Nevertheless, we will retain a part of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests: preventing frauds, resolving disputes and troublesome problems, complying with the law and assisting investigations and other actions permitted by law (The information will not be retained for more than 90 days).

Note that after deleting your account we will not be able to provide you with our services or restore your account, and if you want to rejoin Renderforest you will need to complete a new registration process.

Contact Us

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email:  [support@renderforest.com](mailto:support@renderforest.com)

By visiting the following page on our website:  [https://www.renderforest.com/contact-us](https://www.renderforest.com/contact-us)

By phone number:  [+37411224000](tel:+37411224000)

Privacy policy
==============

Last updated: October 14, 2022