Terms of Service

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND REGISTERING FOR, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SERVICE.  
  
By accepting these terms of Service (the “Terms”), or accessing and using the Service (defined below) or website, [https://heictojpg.com/](https://heictojpg.com/) (“Site”; for clarity, the term “Site” includes all Content (defined below) on the Site, but excludes the Service, unless otherwise specified herein), you acknowledge that you have read and understood and agree to comply with the terms of service below, and are entering into a binding legal agreement with Beamr Imaging Ltd. (“Beamr”, “us”, “we” or “our”). If you are entering into these Terms on behalf of your employer or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have full authority to bind said employer or other legal entity to these Terms. If you do not agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms or do not have authority to bind your employer or other legal entity, please do not accept these Terms or access or use the Service. You hereby waive any applicable rights to require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent not prohibited under applicable law.

1\. Description of the Service and Site.  
1.1. Service. The service enables you to convert and optimize your photos and videos. You can upload photos and videos and use the service to convert, optimize and reduce the size of such photos and videos while maintaining to the extent possible the quality of the photos and videos (“Service”).

1.2. Site. The Site is intended to provide you with information about the Service.

2\. Ability to Accept Terms. If you access and use the Service and/or the Site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. The Service and/or the Site are only intended for individuals aged 13 years or older. If you are under 13 years please do not visit, access or use the Service and/or the Site. If you are between 13 and 18 years of age, then you must review these Terms with your parent or guardian before visiting, accessing or using the Service and/or the Site to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand these Terms and agree to them.

3\. Using the Service. Beamr provides the certain service functionalities as a part of the Service. Beamr may add other functionalities and/or modify some of the functionalities at its own discretion and without further notice.

4\. Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not, and shall not allow any third party to: (i) give, sell, rent, lease, timeshare, sublicense, disclose, publish, assign, market, sell, display, transmit, broadcast, transfer or distribute any portion of the Service to any third party, including, but not limited to your affiliates, or use the Service in any service bureau arrangement; (ii) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site and/or Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or that enforce limitations on use of the Service and/or Site; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, decrypt or attempt to derive the source code of, the Service and/or Site, or any components thereof; (iv) copy, modify, translate, patch, improve, alter, change or create any derivative works of the Service and/or Site, or any part thereof; (v) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access or monitor the Service and/or Site for any purpose; (vi) take any action that imposes or may impose (at Beamr’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Beamr infrastructure or infrastructure which supports the Site and/or Service; (vii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the integrity or proper working of the Service and/or Site, or any related activities; (viii) remove, deface, obscure or alter Beamr’s or any third party’s identification, attribution or copyright notices, trademarks or other proprietary rights affixed to or provided as part of the Service and/or Site, or use or display logos of the Service and/or Site, without Beamr’s prior written approval; (ix) use Beamr’s marks without our prior written consent; (x) use the Service and/or Site to develop a competing service or product; (xi) use the Service and/or Site to send unsolicited or unauthorized commercial communications; (xii) use the Service and/or Site in any unlawful manner, for any harmful, irresponsible or inappropriate purpose, or in breach of these Terms, any terms and conditions of any third-party product or service you use, or agreement you have entered into with any third party; and/or (xiii) use or access the Service for any commercial purposes.

5\. Content.

5.1. Beamr Data. The Site, the Services, and their contents may only be used in accordance with the terms of these Terms. All materials displayed or performed on the Site or in the Service, including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations (“Beamr Data”) are protected by copyright. You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Beamr Data accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Beamr Data or other proprietary rights not owned by you without the express prior written consent of the respective owners.  
  
5.2. Your Content. In the course of using the Service, you may provide content whether created by or for you, including but not limited to, graphics, images, videos, files, photos, animation, artwork, text, data, information, scripts or other material information which may be used by Beamr in connection with the Service. You understand that by providing content, materials or information (including without limitation information relating to End Users) to Beamr or in connection with the Service (“Content”), Beamr hereby is and shall be granted a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, sub licensable and transferable right to use, process, store, copy, reproduce, reformat, translate, modify and create derivative works of your Content (including all related intellectual property rights) in connection with Beamr’s provision of the Service. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Beamr does not affect your ownership of or right to grant additional licenses to the material in your Content. Beamr may use your Content internally for improving the Service. In addition, your content will be removed from Beamr's systems within 48 hours from the time your Content was uploaded to the Service.  
  
5.3. Responsibility. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own or have obtained the rights to all of the intellectual property rights subsisting in your Content and you have the right to provide your Content and the license granted in these Terms to use your Content as stated in Section 5.2 above; (ii) your Content, as set forth in these Terms (including in any applicable privacy policy), does not and shall not (a) infringe or violate the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party, (b) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation, (c) be harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable, (d) impersonate any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of Beamr, or (e) contain a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful computer code, file, or program. Beamr reserves the right to remove any content from the Service at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content or if Beamr is concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. You are responsible to back up your Content before uploading it onto our Service. When you upload photos/ videos to the Service, the original resolution, quality and/or format of your photos/ videos may be modified. Furthermore, your original photos/ videos are removed from our Service 48 hours after they were optimized, while your converted and optimized photos/ videos are normally removed 48 hours after they were created. Therefore, you should always preserve your original Content, or make back-up copies of such Content (including your converted and optimized photos/ videos), on your personal system. You should not use the Service as the only repository or other source for your Content. Beamr may add, change, suspend or discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any feature, or Content, without notice or liability to you. Beamr shall not be responsible nor held liable for any failures, errors, unavailability and/or damages to your Content and does not assume responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, safety, timeliness, legality or applicability of any Content inserted into or provided by the Service.

6\. Intellectual Property Rights.  
6.1. Site and Service. The Service and the Site, including all Content contained or displayed on the Site and/or Service, are the property of Beamr and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. Title and full, exclusive ownership rights in the Service and the Site (and all parts of either, including the Content), and all reproductions, corrections, modifications, enhancements and improvements, and all related patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, related goodwill, including data related to your usage of the Site and/or Service (excluding Customer Data), and Beamr’s intellectual property, and any rights therein not explicitly granted to you hereunder, are reserved to and shall remain solely and exclusively proprietary to Beamr (or its third party providers). “Beamr”, “heictojpg” the Beamr logo, and other marks are marks of Beamr or its affiliates. All other trademarks, service marks, and logos used on the Site and/or Service are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Service, Site and the Content.

6.2. Your Content. The intellectual property and all other rights, title and interest of any nature in and to your Content are and shall remain your exclusive property. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as transferring any rights, title or interests to your Content to Beamr or any third party.

7\. Confidential Information. You agree to keep confidential and to use only for purposes permitted under these Terms, any Beamr proprietary or confidential information disclosed to you pursuant to these Terms or in connection with your use of the Service which is marked as confidential or is identified at the time of disclosure as confidential or which would reasonably be considered confidential or proprietary in nature. The obligation of confidentiality shall not apply to information which is publicly available through authorized disclosure, is rightfully known by you prior to the time of disclosure as evidenced in writing, is rightfully obtained from a third party who has the right to disclose it, or which is required by law, government order or request to be disclosed (provided that you shall give written notice to Beamr of such disclosure and an opportunity, at Beamr’s expense, to resist or restrain the scope of such request). Upon any termination of your subscription to the Service, you shall return to us all Beamr confidential information, and all copies thereof, in your possession, custody or control unless otherwise expressly provided in these Terms.

Anonymous Information. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, we may collect, use and publish Anonymous Information (defined below) relating to your use of the Service and/or Site, and disclose it to provide, improve and publicize our products and services and for other business purposes. “Anonymous Information.” means information which does not enable identification of an individual, such as aggregated and analytics information. Beamr owns all Anonymous Information collected or obtained by Beamr.

8\. Termination by Beamr. Beamr shall have the right to terminate your use of the Service or to terminate the Service at any time and by providing you, without prior notice or liability to you. Notwithstanding, Beamr may terminate your use of the Service at any time and without prior written notice in any case where it believes that you have breached these Terms and such breach may cause Beamr irreparable harm unless your Account is terminated immediately. Upon termination of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the Service.

9\. Effect of Termination. Upon termination you will lose all access to the Service and to your Content that we may be storing on your behalf. We do not accept any liability for any termination of the Service or your Content that is deleted in connection thereto. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your use of or access to the Site and/or Service, or any portion thereof. This Section ‎9 and Sections ‎4 (Restrictions), ‎5 (Your Content), ‎6 (Intellectual Property Rights), ‎0 (Anonymous Data), 19 (Warranty Disclaimer), ‎11 (Limitation of Liability), ‎12 (Indemnification), ‎13 (Disclosure), ‎18 (Governing Law and Disputes) and ‎19 (General), as well as any other provision which is intended to survive termination of the Terms or your subscription to the Service, shall survive termination of these Terms and your subscription to the Service.10\. Warranty Disclaimer.  
10.1. The Site and the Service are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. You assume all responsibility for accessing and using the Site and Service and for the selection of the Service to achieve your intended results. BEAMR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  
  
10.2. BEAMR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR SERVICE IS FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE.

10.3. BEAMR OFFERS NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE RELIABILITY OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY: (I) THAT THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY ANTI-VIRUS OR ANTI-SPAM FEATURES, WILL DETECT, BLOCK OR PREVENT ALL VIRUSES, SPAM OR OTHER HARMFUL OR UNWANTED CODE OR INTRUSIONS; AND (II) REGARDING THE BACKUP OR STORAGE OF YOUR CONTENT ON OR BY THE SERVICE.

10.4. BEAMR DOES NOT OFFER A WARRANTY OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, REPORTS OR RESULTS THAT YOU OBTAIN THROUGH THE SERVICE AND/OR THE SITE. YOUR USE OF AND RELIANCE UPON SERVICE AND/OR SITE, OR CONTENT AND DATA (INCLUDING CUSTOMER DATA) IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK, AND BEAMR, ITS AFFILIATES AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING.

10.5. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so to that extent such exclusions may not apply.

11\. Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW:  
11.1. IN NO EVENT WILL, BEAMR ITS AFFILIATES AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS FOR: (I) ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; (II) ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; (III) ANY LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO DATA, REPUTATION, REVENUE OR GOODWILL; AND/OR (IV) THE COST OF PROCURING ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES.

11.2. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BEAMR, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THESE TERMS (INCLUDING THE SITE AND THE SERVICE), EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU (IF ANY) FOR IN THE 6 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

11.3. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ‎12 SHALL APPLY: (I) EVEN IF BEAMR, ITS AFFILIATES OR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, HAVE BEEN ADVISED, OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE, OF THE POSSIBILITY OF LOSSES OR DAMAGES; (II) EVEN IF ANY REMEDY IN THESE TERMS FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; AND (III) REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OR BASIS OF LIABILITY (SUCH AS, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT).

11.4. NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF FORM, MAY BE BROUGHT BY YOU AFTER THE EARLIER OF (A) 12 MONTHS AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH YOU BECOME AWARE THAT A CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ARISEN, OR (B) THE PERIOD SET FORTH UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS.

12\. Indemniﬁcation. You hereby warrant, represent and agree to indemnify, hold Beamr harmless and to indemnify Beamr and its respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, damage, obligations, liabilities, loss, expense, legal expense (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) or cost incurred as a result of (i) your use of or inability to use the Service; (ii) your violation of these Terms, including any false representation; and/or (iii) your Content infringing third party intellectual property rights.

13\. Disclosure. We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we obtain in connection with the Service and/or the Site as we reasonably believe necessary to: (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms, including to investigate potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to your support requests, and/or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Beamr, its users or the public.

14\. Links.

14.1. The Site and/or Service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Beamr. We are not affiliated with, have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of, any third party websites. You: (i) are solely responsible and liable for your use of and linking to third party websites and any content that you may send or post to a third party website; and (ii) expressly release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website that you may choose to visit.

14.2. We permit you to link to the Site provided that: (i) you link to but do not replicate any page on this Site; (ii) the hyperlink text shall accurately describe the Content as it appears on the Site; (iii) you shall not misrepresent your relationship with Beamr or present any false information about us and shall not imply in any way that we are endorsing any services or products, unless we have given you our express prior consent; (iv) you shall not link from a website that you do not own; (v) your website and domain name do not contain content that (a) is offensive or controversial (both at our discretion), or (b) infringes any intellectual property, privacy rights, or other rights of any person or entity; and/or (vi) you, and your website, comply with these Terms and applicable law.

15\. Third Party Advertisements. Beamr’s Services may contain advertisements made by third parties. Beamr is not affiliated to, nor endorses, these ads. Beamr is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third parties. Accordingly, Beamr encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each such third party that you choose to use or interact with.

16\. Assignment. These Terms, and any rights granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you but may be assigned by Beamr without restriction.

17\. Modifications. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change these Terms at any time. Such change will be effective 10 days following our sending a notice thereof to you or posting the revised Terms on the Site and your continued use of the Service thereafter means that you accept those changes.

18\. Governing Law and Disputes These Terms and any disputes between you and Beamr shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without reference to its conflict of laws rules  
18.1. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for all disputes between you and Beamr shall be the courts located in Tel Aviv-Yaffo, and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act are excluded from these Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Beamr reserves the right to seek injunctive relief in any court in any jurisdiction.

19\. General. We reserve the right to discontinue or modify any aspect of the Site and/or Service at any time. These Terms, and the Order Form and Privacy Policy (Beamr Imaging’s current privacy policy is available [here](https://www.jpegmini.com/privacy) (the “Privacy Policy”), which is incorporated herein by this reference.), represent the complete agreement concerning the Service and the Site between you and Beamr and supersede all prior agreements and representations related to the subject matter hereof. To the extent of any inconsistency or conflict between these Terms and an Order Form, these Terms shall prevail. Section headings are provided for convenience only and have no substantive effect on construction. Except for your obligation to pay Beamr, neither party shall be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Nothing herein shall be construed to create any employment relationship, partnership, joint venture or agency relationship or to authorize any party to enter into any commitment or agreement binding on the other party. If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable, these Terms shall be construed without such provision. The failure by a party to exercise any right hereunder shall not operate as a waiver of such party’s right to exercise such right or any other right in the future. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.

Last updated: May 10, 2023