Terms & Conditions

Last updated: January 24, 2024

  
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, AND TO COMPLY WITH, THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE.

Introduction

The following terms and conditions describe the promotion's participation requirements for the RewardsAvenue program and its general membership policies. RewardsAvenue is solely responsible for the administration of the reward offer. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners with all rights reserved.

Eligibility

To become a RewardsAvenue member and participate in its reward program, you must be at least 18 years old and a legal resident of the Contiguous United States with a valid email and mailing address. If you do not meet these requirements, we ask that you do not complete the registration process. Offer not valid to residents of Washington State and where prohibited by law.

To receive the reward you must

1) be a U.S. resident at least 18 years of age or older; 2) register with valid information; 3) complete the following reward sponsor offers: 2 Sponsor Offers on Offer page 1 and 2 Sponsor Offers on Offer Page 2 (Available reward sponsor offers will vary. Some reward sponsor offers require a purchase, see the sample list below for credit details and purchase costs. Credit card offers may require you to activate the card by making a purchase, transferring a balance or taking a cash advance. 4) Follow the redemption instructions found in the member section. All program requirements must be completed within 90 days of the date of registration.  
  
In cases of a financial offer such as a credit card, the card must be activated by making a purchase, balance transfer or cash advance in order for the offer to be considered "completed", and the user must remain a card holder for at least 60 days. In order to receive credit for any sponsor offers completed, the billing information must match exactly to the information used when registering with RewardsAvenue . Additional terms and conditions may apply to participation in select marketing offers. You should read the terms of each offer as provided by the advertiser for an explanation of these terms where they exist.  
RewardsAvenue reserves the right to require individuals to provide documentation demonstrating they have completed the advertiser requirements prior to incentive gift redemption in cases where that information is unavailable from the advertiser.  
  
You have up to ninety days from the original date of your membership registration to complete the membership incentive program and redeem your incentive gift. Your gift eligibility is secured as soon as you complete the sponsor offers outlined for each program. Once you meet the offer completion requirements, you’re redemption link will be set live. Click on the redemption to print your redemption form and send to info@RewardsAvenue.net Once we have received your redemption form, your gift will be sent within thirty days. Gift redemptions are limited to one gift per household, per each calendar year. If you have registered for multiple membership incentive gift promotions, you will be given your choice of gift items upon logging into your Member's Area. Households may only redeem one reward in a calendar year.  
Please note that it may take up to six weeks for our marketing partners to report to us that you have completed their offer. Please be patient while our marketing partners report back to us. You may check your redemption status at anytime by logging in here: Use the same information that you entered when you registered. Your email address is your password when you first log in.

Registration

You must provide valid and truthful registration information. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information you provided is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, your account may be placed on hold or disqualified.

Accounts

Only one account is allowed per household. Any accounts that share the same name, email address, mailing or shipping address, telephone number, credit card or IP address will be considered the same household. Accounts in violation of this rule will be placed on hold or disqualified. You may not have multiple accounts at more than one address or under more than one name or email address. You may not use another person’s name or information to receive products from this website. For example, you may not register on this website for another person or complete offers for another person’s account. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account. RewardsAvenue. is not liable for any losses incurred through the access of your account by a third party. If your account is placed on hold or disqualified, you may not create another account on any website owned or operated by RewardsAvenue You may access your account at any time by clicking on Check Gift Status and entering the email address that you used to register on the website.

Expiration/Cancellation of Account

Your account will expire 60 days from the date you register on this website. Upon expiration, you will no longer be eligible to receive the reward. There is no way to cancel an account. If you no longer wish to remain a part of this website, you should refrain from accessing your account.

Publicity

Except where prohibited by law, participation in this website constitutes your consent to RewardsAvenue.'s use of your name, likeness, voice, opinions, hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further approval, payment or consideration.

Optional Offers/Survey Pages

Completion of the optional offers and survey pages is not required to qualify for the reward. We may preselect certain offers for you to view. If you are not interested in signing-up for an offer, click “No” or “Skip.”

Completion of Reward Sponsor Offers

You must provide valid and truthful information when completing an advertiser’s offer. Accounts in violation of this rule will be placed on hold or disqualified. You may only complete a sponsor offer once and receive credit. Sponsor offers are only credited for new accounts/sales. For purposes hereof, an “advertiser” generally is the business unit sponsoring the offer, although some advertisers may apply this rule to the entire corporate entity sponsoring the offer. In order to receive credit for completing an offer, you must complete the offer by clicking on the offer from this website. You must click the offer link via our web page in order for us to correctly track and credit your account. Importantly, some applications such as spyware blockers or pop-up blockers may preclude these links from functioning correctly and RewardsAvenue. is not liable for such failures. You may apply only once to any given credit card offer. Credit card offers may require you to activate the card by making a purchase, transferring a balance or taking a cash advance. In order to receive proper credit for completing an offer, you must make sure that your browser settings are set to accept all cookies, and that you click on our exact offer link to get to the offer provider’s website.

Failure to Receive Credit for a Reward Offer

RewardsAvenue. does not guarantee that you will receive credit for an offer. We reserve the right to refuse crediting your account for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to improper sign-up, lack of appropriate information or documentation or improper browser settings. RewardsAvenue. is not responsible for delays in reporting offer completion. The time it takes to receive credit for an offer varies with each advertiser. If you believe that you have successfully completed an offer and you have not received credit for that offer, you should confirm that you have: (1) satisfied all of the requirements stipulated by the advertiser; and (2) waited the appropriate amount of time for offer completion to be reported back to this website (this amount of time varies with each advertiser).

Terms of Offers

RewardsAvenue is not responsible for its advertisers’ offers or the transactions you enter into with the advertisers or partners on this website. RewardsAvenue, cannot fulfill an advertiser offer, cancel an advertiser offer on your behalf, refund any charges you have incurred or service an account you created with an advertiser. You should carefully read the requirements, terms and conditions, privacy policy and billing information for each offer before you sign-up. You complete offers through our website publisher partners at your own risk. RewardsAvenue is not responsible for content, services or products associated with our website publisher partners. If there is a complaint about services or products received from a publisher, you should contact the offer provider in question.

Security

The RewardsAvenue Web Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our hardware infrastructure is housed in a controlled access facility that restricts access to authorized individuals with positive identification. Our network access to the infrastructure is protected by a firewall protection system. Member information is backed up on a periodic basis to protect against accidental loss. However, we can not guarantee that communications between you and RewardsAvenue will not be intercepted by others and that information stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access. While we have taken reasonable precautions to protect this information, you should always use discretion in what information you send to us and not expect that such information will be absolutely free from intrusion.

Tax Liability

You are responsible for all local, state, and federal taxes on any gifts you receive. RewardsAvenue requires that anyone receiving gifts valued at $600.00 and above in any calendar year complete and submit a W-9 form from the Internal Revenue Service in order to allow RewardsAvenue to comply with IRS reporting requirements.

Arbitration

Should a dispute arise concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the breach of same by either party hereto, the parties agree to submit their dispute for resolution by arbitration before the American Arbitration Association in Broward County, Florida, in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any award rendered shall be final and conclusive to the parties and a judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing herein shall be construed to preclude any party from seeking injunctive relief in order to protect its rights pending an outcome in arbitration. This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties related to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous (oral, written or electronic) agreement between the parties. To the extent that anything contained in this Agreement contradicts or is in any way inconsistent with the Privacy Policy, the Privacy Policy shall control in all respects. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as if such unenforceable provision had never constituted a part hereof.

Liability Release

By participating in any RewardsAvenue promotion, you release RewardsAvenue and its respective parents, subsidiaries, and other affiliated companies, and the directors, shareholders, officers, employees, or agencies of any of the above organizations, for any and all liability for any injury, death, loss, tax liability or damage of any kind arising from entrant's participation in this program, or resulting from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any sponsor offer or gift. Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions may result in disqualification from this program. RewardsAvenue reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to: (i) disqualify from this or any promotion it sponsors now, or in the future, any person it finds, in its sole discretion, has intentionally violated these Terms and Conditions, tampered with the eligibility process, or any other aspect of the promotion; and (ii) cancel or suspend part or all of this program in the event that printing errors, tampering, fraud, unauthorized intervention or other causes beyond RewardsAvenue 's control, corrupt or impair the administration, security or fairness of the program. Any attempt by you or any other person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the program may be in violation of criminal and civil laws; and should such an attempt be made, RewardsAvenue reserves the right to seek remedies and damages (including attorneys' fees) from you or any other person to the fullest extent permitted by law, including seeking criminal prosecution.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, NO MATTER HOW CAUSED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION AS A RESULT OF TYPOGRAPHICAL, SYSTEM,HUMAN ERRORS AND FAILURES, FAULTY TRANSMISSIONS, TECHNICAL PROBLEMS AND MALFUNCTION(S), ACTS OF NATURE, FORCES, OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED, MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE PROGRAM OR RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF USER'S TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO ANY USER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE LESSER OF (i) THE VALUE OF THE GIFT FOR WHICH THE CONSUMER HAS REGISTERED, OR (ii) $1,000, OR (iii) ACTUAL DOLLAR AMOUNT CONSUMER SPENT ON A SITE COMPLETING SPONSOR OFFERS.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN 'AS IS' AND 'AS AVAILABLE' BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PUSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (C) THE APPLICABLE PRIZE TEST ITEM OR GIFT WILL MEET WITH YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND/OR THAT ANY THIRD PARTY PARTNER WILL PERFORM ITS ASSOCIATED OBLIGATIONS IN A TIMELY OR SATISFACTORY MANNER; (D) YOU WILL QUALIFY FOR A GIFT BY COMPLETING ANY OF COMPANY'S THIRD PARTY PARTNERS' PROGRAM TERMS; OR (E) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS, MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM COMPANY, ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

Changing Your Status

To have all of your personally identifiable information removed from our database, [please click here](https://privacyportal-eu-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/ce8db3e5-9908-4326-9078-a0e45779f7aa/7855c804-63a5-4edd-962f-e37ab5e01670.html). Please be advised that by requesting that your data be removed from our database, you will be unsubscribed from RewardsAvenue services and you forfeit your eligibility to participate in the RewardsAvenue program.

Updates

RewardsAvenue may revise this Policy at any time in the future to (i) improve or modify the RewardsAvenue Service, (ii) reflect future developments in RewardsAvenue data information gathering, storing and release practices, (iii) comply with applicable laws, and (iv) reflect changes in RewardsAvenue business structure. Accordingly, you should review these terms and policy from time to time to check for updates. Your continued use of the RewardsAvenue website shall evidence your acceptance of any changes.  
  
If you do not accept any of the terms of this Policy, we ask that you not complete our registration process. Your registration with RewardsAvenue constitutes your acceptance of these terms and privacy policy. You may unsubscribe/opt-out of your membership at anytime by [clicking here](https://privacyportal-eu-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/ce8db3e5-9908-4326-9078-a0e45779f7aa/7855c804-63a5-4edd-962f-e37ab5e01670.html)