[](https://buyist.com/Home)

[Log In](https://buyist.app/login)

Buyist Privacy Policy

Last revised: November 1, 2022  
  
This Privacy Policy (“**Privacy Policy**”) is an integral part of, and is incorporated by reference into, Buyist’s Terms of Service (the “**Terms of Service**”, accessible [here](https://buyist.com/termsofservice)), and provides the Buyist’s privacy practices for buyist.com and buyist.app (the “**Site**”, operated by Buyist LLC (“**Buyist**”) out of its offices in the United States) and the other products and services made available to you (“**Customer**” and “**you**”) by Buyist (collectively, the “**Services**”). Unless specifically defined in this Privacy Policy, terms that are capitalized herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Terms of Service. Among other things, this Privacy Policy explains how personal and other information about you that Buyist receives or collects is treated. Please read the information below to learn the following regarding your use of this Site.

  
**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. BY ACCESSING, REGISTERING FOR, OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS POLICY AND YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS, REGISTER FOR, OR USE THE SERVICES.  
**  
1\. **MODIFICATIONS OF PRIVACY POLICY**. Buyist reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice to you (each, an “**Updated Policy**”). All Updated Polices will be effective upon being posted online. Your continued use of the Services after Buyist has posted an Updated Policy signifies to us that you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the Updated Policy.  
  
2\. **INFORMATION WE COLLECT**. Buyist collects personal and non-personal information when you provide it to us in the course of using the Services. The personal information that we may collect includes your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and financial information. The non-personal information that we may collect includes your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your Internet protocol (IP) Address. The non-personal information is not used by us to personally identify you and is not readily usable for that purpose. When you register for or make a purchase through the Services we will collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, email address, and other information that we request during the registration and purchase process. If you communicate with us regarding the Services we collect any information that you provide to us during the course of our communication. We may use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software, operating system types, click patterns, and the dates and times that the Services are accessed by you. We may contract with a third party to help us manage, monitor and optimize the Services and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, communications and use of the Services. We may use web beacons and cookies (described below) for this purpose.  
  
3\. **OUR USE OF INFORMATION FOR INTERNAL PURPOSES**. We use your personal information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Services, to collect credit card payments for Fees and other purchases you make, and to provide customer support. We also use non-personal information, in aggregate form, for our own internal purposes, such as tracking use of the Services and assisting us in providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Services.  
  
4\. **OUR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES**. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We will disclose your personal information to protect or enforce our legal rights and policies, to protect or enforce the legal rights of a third party, or as we in good faith believe we are required to do so by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or court order, for example). We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain and improve the Services and such third parties may have access to your personal information to perform their services. For example, we use a third party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out production, fulfillment, analytics, reporting or other operations. We may contract with third party contractors to help us manage, monitor and optimize the Services. We may also use third party contractors to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and communications. We will enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with all third parties that have access to your personal information which will prohibit them from using or disclosing your personal information except for the purpose of providing services to use. We intend to take commercially reasonable steps to enforce such non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements if and when we become aware of any violations.  
  
5\. **OUR DISCLOSURE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES**. We may disclose non-personal Information, in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information.  
  
6\. **OUR USE OF COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS**. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Most websites use cookies. We will use cookies to track your use of the Services, provide you with a more personalized user experience, and to facilitate your logging in to the Services. A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an email that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting Services or receiving the email. Cookies and web beacons used by us will not be linked to your personal information.  
  
7\. **HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**. When in using the Services you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our registration forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (sometimes referred to as “SSL”). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee absolute security. We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and we assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access (such as through hacking) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.  
  
8\. **REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**. You may obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your personal information by emailing us at support@buyist.com or contacting us by phone at 617.229.7699. If you do desire to obtain a copy of your personal information, you will be required to provide proof of your identity. If your personal information changes or if you no longer want to subscribe to or use the Services, you may correct, update or deactivate your personal information and your account through the account management screen. We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, some information, such as past transactions, logs of technical support calls, or other information may not be deleted. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.  
  
9\. **CHOICES ON COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION**. We may, from time to time, send you email and other communications regarding Buyist products and services that we feel may interest you. If you do not want to receive solicitations from us, you can “opt-out” by accessing your account online and editing your account information to no longer receive such offers and mailings. You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described above. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of the Services may not work properly in your case.  
  
10\. **APPLICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES**. You may be able to access third party websites and services directly through the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites and services. We cannot control how third parties may use personal information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website or service you visit before using it or disclosing your personal information to its provider.  
  
11\. **CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**. The Services are intended for business owners. Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 17 will use or purchase the Services. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 17. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 17. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your personal information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us at [support@buyist.com](mailto:support@buyist.com).  
  
12\. **OPTING-OUT FROM RECEIVING COMMUNICATIONS**. You may opt-out from having your personal information used for certain purposes. For example, if you no longer wish to receive any promotional or other communications from us, you may opt-out by emailing us at [support@buyist.com](mailto:support@buyist.com).  
  
13\. **QUESTIONS OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION**. If you have any questions regarding Buyist, this Privacy Policy, or any other matters, please email us at: [support@buyist.com](mailto:support@buyist.com).  

  

When you visit or log in to our website, cookies and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting [https://app.retention.com/optout](https://app.retention.com/optout)  

  

[](https://buyist.com/Home)

* [Privacy Policy](https://buyist.com/privacy)
* [Terms of Service](https://buyist.com/termsofservice)
* [Support](https://support.buyist.com/)
* [Developer API](https://api.buyist.app/login)

Copyright © 2024 Buyist® is a registered trademark of Buyist, LLC | Built with [**Buyist**](https://buyist.com/)