Cookie Policy
=============

We use cookies to improve and customise your experience of our website. They help us to understand who our visitors are and how we can make our services better for them. Cookies are not harmful to you or your computer/device.

By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser (see below). However, if you do not allow cookies on your computer you will not be able to use our services.

We are continuously making further improvements and changes to the ways we use cookies and we will keep this page updated with information about the cookies we use. Please also refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://www.matchseniors.com/privacy.php).

What are cookies?
-----------------

A cookie is a small text file placed by an online provider (such as MatchSeniors.com) on the computer or other device of visitors to their website. The information the cookie contains is set by a website's server and it can be used to personalize the visitor's experience.

Cookies are designed to remember things that a visitor has done whilst on the website, such as pages they have visited or information they have submitted.

Cookies are not dangerous. They are not computer programs and cannot be used to circulate viruses. The cookies generated by our website cannot be used alone to identify you as an individual.

Types of cookies
----------------

When you visit our site four types of cookies may be placed upon your computer or other device. These are: First-party, Third-party, Session and Persistent cookies.

### First-party cookies

First-party cookies are cookies placed on your computer or other device directly by us. They could include cookies such as session and persistent cookies (explained below). For example, we use first party cookies to track your navigation behaviour on our site for marketing and analytics purposes.

### Session Cookies

The time between when you open your internet browser and close your browser is called a browser session. Session cookies are cookies that are placed onto your computer or other device during a browser session, but which expire and are normally deleted at the end of a browser session. We and our commercial partners use session cookies for various reasons, including to track use of our site during a single browser session, and to help you to use our site more efficiently. For example, session cookies are used to remind our site that your computer or device is logged into our site.

### Persistent cookies

Persistent cookies are cookies which are placed upon your computer or other device during a browser session, but which remain upon your computer or other device after the end of that browser session. Persistent cookies allow our site to recognise your computer or other device when it is used to access our site again after a browser session has been completed and a new browser session has begun, primarily to help you quickly sign-in to our site again. Persistent cookie are also used, both by ourselves and our commercial partners, for analytical purposes. Persistent cookies remain current for defined periods of time. Typically persistent cookies placed upon your computer or other device when you visit our site remain current from 1 day to 5 years.

We provide below more detailed information on the cookies placed upon your computer or other device when you visit our site.

Which cookies does MatchSeniors.com use?
----------------------------------------

When you visit one of our sites, some or all of the following cookies may be set on your computer or device:

| Cookie Name | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| AWSELB | This is used for Amazon Web Services Elastic Load Balancing functionality for routing client requests on the server. |
| PHPSESSID | This is generated by the PHP application server. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. |
| \_ga | This is used by Google Analytics to distinguish unique users in order to better understand website performance. |
| \_gid | This is used by Google Analytics to distinguish unique users in order to better understand website performance. |

What happens if I opt out of all cookies?
-----------------------------------------

We need your consent for cookies to be placed on your computer or other device. Our website requires cookies to be enabled in order for our services to work for you. If you choose to opt out of all cookies set by MatchSeniors.com and associated websites, then you will not be able to make use of our website or its services.

How do I opt out of cookies?
----------------------------

You can manage the cookies that you allow on your computer through the internet browser that you use.

Further information about online privacy
----------------------------------------

[ico.org.uk/for\_the\_public/topic\_specific\_guides/online/cookies](https://ico.org.uk/for_the_public/topic_specific_guides/online/cookies)

This information has been written by the UK’s independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public interest.