### Terms and conditions of website usage

  
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern clippings.me's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.  
The term 'clippings.me' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Clippings.me Pte Ltd, 30 Cecil St, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.  
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

* The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
* Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
* Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
* This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and some graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
* All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
* Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
* From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
* Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Switzerland.

Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:

* you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
* you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material

You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.

DISCLAIMER  
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by clippings.me and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.  
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, clippings.me takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

### Terms of Service:

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the clippings.me website and all content, services and products available at or through the website. The Website is owned and operated by clippings.me. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, clippings.me’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by clippings.me (collectively, the “Agreement”).  
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by clippings.me, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

* **Your clippings.me Account and Site.**  If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and information, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the information. You must not describe or assign keywords to your information in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and clippings.me may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause clippings.me liability. You must immediately notify clippings.me of any unauthorized uses of your information, your account or any other breaches of security. clippings.me will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
* **Responsibility of Users.**If you operate an account, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or video file. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

* the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
* if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
* you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
* the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;

* the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);

* the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
* your profile is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
* your profile is not named in a manner that misleads visitors into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your profile’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
* you have accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by clippings.me or otherwise.

By submitting Content to clippings.me for inclusion on your Website, you grant clippings.me a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your blog. If you delete Content, clippings.me will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.  
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, clippings.me has the right (though not the obligation) to, in clippings.me’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in clippings.me’s reasonable opinion, violates any clippings.me policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in clippings.me’s sole discretion.

* **Responsibility of Website Visitors.** clippings.me has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, clippings.me does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. clippings.me disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
* **Content Posted on Other Websites.** We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which clippings.me links, and that link to clippings.me. clippings.me does not have any control over those websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a website or webpage, clippings.me does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. clippings.me disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of websites and webpages.
* **Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.** As clippings.me asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by clippings.me violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify clippings.me. clippings.me will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. clippings.me will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of clippings.me or others.
* **Intellectual Property.** This Agreement does not transfer from clippings.me to you any clippings.me or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with clippings.me. clippings.me, the clippings.me logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with clippings.me, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of clippings.me or clippings.me’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any clippings.me or third-party trademarks.
* **Advertisements.** clippings.me reserves the right to display advertisements on your profile.
* **Domain Names.** If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), including their [Registration Rights and Responsibilities](http://www.icann.org/en/registrars/registrant-rights-responsibilities-en.htm).
* **Changes.**   clippings.me reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. clippings.me may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
* **Termination.**   clippings.me may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your clippings.me account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. clippings.me can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. 

* **Disclaimer of Warranties.** The Website is provided “as is”. clippings.me and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither clippings.me nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
* **Limitation of Liability.** In no event will clippings.me, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to clippings.me under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. clippings.me shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

* **General Representation and Warranty.** You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the clippings.me Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
* **Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify and hold harmless clippings.me, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
* **Miscellaneous.** This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between clippings.me and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of clippings.me, or by the posting by clippings.me of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Switzerland, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Zurich, Switzerland. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; clippings.me may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

### Privacy Policy

[Open Privacy Policy](https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/72846172 "Privacy Policy")

### Cookie Policy

[Open Cookie Policy](https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/72846172/cookie-policy "Cookie Policy")