![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/menubar_l.png) [Home](https://uselectionatlas.org/ "Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections Home Page") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [2024](https://uselectionatlas.org/2024.php "Election 2024") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Election Results](https://uselectionatlas.org/RESULTS/index.html "Presidential Election Results (Primary and General)") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Election Info](https://uselectionatlas.org/INFORMATION/index.php "Includes Articles, History, Process, and Law") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Weblog](https://uselectionatlas.org/WEBLOGS/dave "Atlas Weblogs") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Forum](https://uselectionatlas.org/FORUM/index.php "Atlas Forum") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Wiki](https://uselectionatlas.org/WIKI/ "Atlas Wiki") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Search](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/search.php "Search the Site") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Email](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/email.php "Send me Email!") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Login](https://uselectionatlas.org/login.php "Login") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Site Info](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/siteinfo.php "Site Information - FAQ, Awards, Statistics, My Atlas") ![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/divider.png) [Store](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/store.php "The Atlas Store")![](https://uselectionatlas.org/IMAGES/menubar_r.png)

Privacy Policy and Cookies

**Privacy Policy**  
  

DAVE LEIP’S ATLAS OF U.S. PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS, LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: October 22, 2019

This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Dave Leip’s Atlas of U.S.
Presidential Elections, LLC (the “Company”) collects, uses and shares
personal information of consumer users of this website,
uselectionatlas.org (the “Site”).

WHAT WE COLLECT

We get information about you in a range of ways.

Information You Give Us. We collect your‎ name, postal address, email
address, username, password as  well as other information you directly
give us on our Site.

Information Automatically Collected. We automatically log information
about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log
your IP address, computer operating system type, browser type, browser
language, the website you visited before browsing to our Site, pages you
viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about
your use of and actions on our Site.

Cookies. We may log and track information using "cookies." Cookies are
small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. We may use both
session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and
persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them)
to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our
Site. This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful
to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special
interests and needs.

This site uses traffic log cookies from Google Analytics to identify
which pages are being used and collect standard internet log information
and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information
generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of this website is
transmitted to Google. This information is processed to compile
statistical reports on website activity for this site only. Analysis of
these data about web page traffic allows the site to improve and
tailored to customer needs. I only use this information for statistical
analysis purposes.

This site uses cookies from third party vendors, including Google, to
serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this and other websites.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to
serve ads to users of this website based on their visit to your sites
and/or other sites on the internet Users may opt out of the use of the
DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ad
Settings through the AdChoices link on the banner.


USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use your personal information as follows: 
 · We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve
 our sites, products, and services. 
 · We use your personal information to respond to comments and questions
 and provide customer service. 
 · We use your personal information to send information including
 confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts,
 and support and administrative messages. 
 · We use your personal information to communicate about promotions,
 upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by
 us and our selected partners. 
 · We use your personal information to link or combine user information
 with other personal information. 
 · We use your personal information to protect, investigate, and deter
 against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity. 
 · We use your personal information to provide and deliver products and
 services customers request.

SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may share personal information as follows:

 · We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or
 negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a
 part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger,
 financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. 
 · We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety
 purposes. 
   · We may share information to comply with laws. 
   · We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal
   processes. 
   · We may share information to protect the rights and property of Dave
   Leip's Atlas of U.S. Elections, LLC., our agents, customers, and
   others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms
   of use. 
   · We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting
   the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
   · We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.

We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for
their own uses.

INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES

Our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may
still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails
about your accounts and our business dealings with you.

You may send requests about personal information to our Contact
Information below. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of
our sharing with others, and update your personal information.

You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your
browser settings. Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you
change your settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it could
affect how our Site works for you. SECURITY This website uses Hypertext
Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) on all pages with forms to encrypt the
data for the protection of the privacy and integrity of the exchanged
data while in transit.

The server hosting the data is physically located and professionally
managed by a third party hosting service, including a security team to
monitor for and correct any server vunerabilities.

While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no
security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the
Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the
Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is
absolutely safe from intrusion by others.

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA ABROAD If you utilize the Services of this
website from a country other than the country where our servers are
located, your communications with us may result in transferring your
personal data across international borders

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES This website may contain links to other websites
of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site,
you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of
any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such
sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise
caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in
question.


CONTACT INFORMATION. We welcome your comments or questions about this
privacy policy. You may also contact us at our address:

Dave Leip’s Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections, LLC 42 Reach Run
Ithaca, New York 14850 Email Form

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We may change this privacy policy. If we
make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above.

  

[Terms of Use](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/tos.php) - [DCMA Policy](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/dmca.php) - [Privacy Policy and Cookies](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/privacypolicy.php)

  

© Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Elections, LLC 2019 All Rights Reserved