Last updated February 22, 2023

i-Ready Connect™, i-Ready Classroom™, and Teacher Toolbox Digital Products Terms and Conditions of Use



These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “TOU”) apply to the digital product offerings of Curriculum Associates, LLC(“CA”) including i-Ready® Assessment, i-Ready Learning™, i-Ready® Learning Games, i-Ready reports and reportingtools, Success Central, and the e-book versions and digital components of i-Ready Classroom Mathematics. Theseterms also apply to CA’s teacher toolbox offerings, including Magnetic Reading Teacher Digital Access (collectively“Teacher Toolbox”). These offerings are referred to in these terms of use as the “Digital Products.” These termsapply to all of the Digital Products except where CA has noted otherwise. By using your login to access the system,you agree, on behalf of your organization, to abide by these TOU. All references to “You” or “you” in these TOUrefer to your organization, which has licensed access to i-Ready Connect™, i-Ready Classroom Mathematics, and/or Teacher Toolbox from CA. All authorized users within your organization are expected to comply with these TOU.

For additional terms of use that specifically apply to your use of i-Ready Classroom Mathematics, please see theSpecial Terms for i-Ready Classroom Mathematics sections below. For additional terms of use that specifically applyto your use of Teacher Toolbox, please see the “Special Terms for Teacher Toolbox” section below. For additionalterms of use that specifically apply to your use of the Digital Resource Library please visit the Digital ResourceLibrary Terms and Conditions of Use which can be found at https://cdn.i-ready.com/instruction/content/system-check/DigitalResourceLibrary_Terms_of_Use.pdf.



Copyright and Proprietary Rights

The Digital Products and the content contained therein are the sole property of CA and its licensors and thosematerials are protected by United States and international copyright laws. All copyright, trademark, and otherproprietary rights in the Digital Products and in the software, text, graphics, design elements, audio, music, and allother materials contained in the Digital Products are reserved by CA and its licensors. You may not use the DigitalProducts in any manner that infringes the proprietary rights of any person or entity.



Use by Federal Government.The Digital Products constitute Commercial Off the Shelf (“COTS”) items as that term is defined in the U.S.Government Federal Acquisition Regulations (“FAR”). Government use rights are limited to those minimum rightsrequired by the appropriate provisions of the FAR.



Data Collection, Ownership, and Security

In connection with your use of the Digital Products, you will be asked to provide CA with data about your students.You represent and warrant that you have the right to provide CA with all of the data you input into the DigitalProducts. As your students use the Digital Products, data will be generated about your students’ usage,performance, and progress. Both the information you input and the data generated by your students’ usage will bereferred to in these TOU as “Customer Data.” You shall own all right, title, and interest in and to the CustomerData. However, you hereby grant CA a worldwide, royalty-free license to use the Customer Data during the term ofyour agreement with CA to host and make access to the Digital Products available to you. You also grant CA aworldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license to use the Customer Data in de-identified format only for productdevelopment, research, and other purposes. Furthermore, CA agrees not to attempt to re-identify de-identifiedCustomer Data and not to transfer de-identified Customer Data to any third party unless such party agrees not toattempt re-identification.

CA takes the protection of Customer Data, particularly personally identifiable Customer Data, very seriously. CAwill not reveal student names, identifiers, or individual assessment results to any third parties. CA will not use anyCustomer Data to advertise or market to students or parents. For a full description of CA’s data handling policiesand procedures, please review Curriculum Associates’ Data Handling Policy and Privacy Statement by clicking here:https://www.curriculumassociates.com/support/privacy-and-policies/i-ready-data-handling-privacy.

Access to the Digital Products

The Digital Products are intended to be accessed only by authorized users affiliated with your organization. Yourauthorized users will need valid usernames and passwords to access the Digital Products. Unless there is a thirdparty data sharing agreement in place that has been approved by CA, you may not give administrator logincredentials to anyone outside of your organization, although you may provide login information to a purchasingentity affiliated with your organization You are responsible for the integrity and security of your usernames andpasswords. Please advise CA immediately if any of your usernames and/or passwords have been compromised.

CA will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Digital Products available to you 24 hours a day, exceptfor: (a) planned downtime, of which CA will give you reasonable notice where possible, and which CA shall usereasonable efforts to schedule during the hours from 5:00 p.m. Eastern time to 7:00 a.m. Eastern time; or (b) anyunavailability caused by circumstances beyond CA’s reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God,acts of government, flood, fire, earthquakes, civil unrest, acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems, or Internetservice provider failures or delays.



Limitations on Use

You shall not, nor permit any of your authorized users to: (a) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, orotherwise attempt to discover the source code or algorithms underlying the Digital Products; (b) modify, copy,translate, or create derivative works based on the Digital Products or any of the content contained therein; (c)rent, lease, distribute, sell, resell, assign, or otherwise transfer rights to the Digital Products; (d) use the DigitalProducts for timesharing or services bureau purposes or otherwise for the benefit of a third party other thanstudents or staff within your organization; (e) use any features or functionalities of the Digital Products withexternal applications, scripts, or code that may interfere with the operation of any Digital Products or pose asecurity risk, or (f) remove any proprietary notices from the Digital Products.

Except as described below, you may not reproduce, upload, post, transmit, download, or distribute any part of theDigital Products or information accessed at other sites through links made from i-Ready, i-Ready ClassroomMathematics, or Teacher Toolbox, other than printing out or downloading portions of the text and images ofstudent-facing portions of i-Ready Personalized Instruction, i-Ready Classroom Mathematics, or Teacher Toolboxfor use in connection with the work of your organization. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not reproduce,upload, post, transmit, download, or distribute any part of i-Ready Assessment. If you leave i-Ready Connect™ viaa link to a third-party site, CA is in no way responsible for that third-party site, and your use of that third-party sitewill be governed by that site’s terms of use, not these TOU.

You must use the Digital Products in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including, withoutlimitation, laws and regulations that govern the export of technical data outside of the United States.



Limitation of Warranties and Liability; Indemnity

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THESE TOU, CA MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS. CADOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS WILL MEET ALL YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE ACCURATE,OR WILL BE ENTIRELY UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. CA EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESSAND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. CA SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANYKIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,DATA LOSS OR CORRUPTION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, OROTHERWISE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL CA OR ITS LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATED AUTHORS, OR CONTRACTORS BELIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR MULTIPLE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER SUCHLIABILITY IS BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CA TO YOU EXCEEDTHE TOTAL AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES PAID BY YOU TO CA FOR ACCESS TO THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS.

To the extent permitted by law, you shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CA and its licensors against anyclaim brought against CA and/or its licensors by a third party that arises from your use of the Digital Products,except to the extent that you areprohibited by law from providing such an indemnification, and provided that CA: (a) promptly gives you written

notice of the claim; (b) gives you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim; and (c) provides you withreasonable assistance, at your expense, with respect to the defense of such claim.



Choice of Law and Jurisdiction

These TOU shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth ofMassachusetts, without reference to any conflict of law principles. You hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdictionof the federal and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for any disputes or claims arisingout of your use of the Digital Products or these TOU.



Special Terms for i-Ready Classroom Mathematics: Editable Materials

For users of i-Ready Classroom Mathematics, we provide editable versions of select resources ("RCM EditableMaterials") through i-Ready Classroom Mathematics Teacher Toolbox. For these RCM Editable Materials, the TOUdescribed above still apply, except that printing, copying, and editing the RCM Editable Materials is permitted.However, you must not remove any copyright notices from the RCM Editable Materials. Curriculum Associates isnot responsible for any alterations you make to the RCM Editable Materials, and Curriculum Associates makes noguarantee that the RCM Editable Materials will be of the same high quality or will accurately convey themathematics concepts found in i-Ready Classroom Mathematics once they have been edited.



Special Terms for i-Ready Classroom Mathematics: Thin Common Cartridge® Customers

For users of i-Ready Classroom Mathematics, we make select content from that program available for your licensedteachers and students as Thin Common Cartridge® ("Thin CC") for use in compliant Learning Management Systems(“LMS”). For this Thin CC content, all of the above-listed TOU apply, except that uploading/distributing the Thin CCfiles required to enable Thin CC content in your LMS is permitted.

Common Cartridge® is a registered trademark of the IMS Global Learning Consortium, Inc. (www.imsglobal.org).



Special Terms for Teacher Toolbox

These usage terms for Teacher Toolbox are designed to ensure that your students get the most out of the resourcesinside your Teacher Toolbox while preserving the rigor and integrity of the materials for your students and others.

Because the teacher materials inside Teacher Toolbox include assessments and answers to assignments, we kindlyask that you do not post or share teacher-facing materials from the Teacher Toolbox. Posting answer keys andteacher-facing materials enables students—both in your district and in other districts—to access answers to theirassignments and miss out on valuable learning experiences. While our Terms of Use do allow you to post student-facing materials on a password-protected learning management system (LMS), posting of teacher-facing materialsis prohibited.



Teacher Toolbox is intended for use by teachers and school administrators only. The PDF files within TeacherToolbox contain content that is included in CA’s proprietary i-Ready Classroom and Ready curriculum materials.These PDFs are provided to you on a limited permission basis. Educators and administrators from schools ordistricts that have purchased licenses to Teacher Toolbox may download PDFs to their computer for their ownreference and may post PDFs of student materials to any of the password-protected learning managementsystems (LMS) listed below, as long as such LMS can only be accessed by individuals associated with your schoolor district with a valid username and password. If you post Toolbox materials or content that includes or is basedupon Toolbox materials in an LMS that permits content sharing, you must restrict content sharing and usage tolicensed users of Teacher Toolbox. Please note that it is a violation of these Terms of Use to save files in a mannerthat overrides any security settings.



Approved LMS platforms:

• Blackboard

• Brightspace

• Buzz by Agilix

• Canvas by Instructure

• Edmodo

• Google Classroom

• ITS Learning

• Microsoft Suite for Education

• Moodle

• Nearpod

• PowerSchool

• Sakai

• Seesaw

• Schoology

An approved LMS platform means that the platform meets CA’s security-related requirements to permit the postingof Toolbox materials in it. CA has no affiliation with any of these platforms and does not endorse any particularLMS. CA offers no assurance that our suite of products will function properly when accessed via any approved LMSplatform. If you experience any issues using an approved LMS platform then you should contact the organizationthat manages that particular LMS.

If you would like to upload student-facing Teacher Toolbox materials to an LMS not listed here, please contact yourPartner Success Manager.

In limited quantity and for use with your own students, you may print and/or make copies of student and teacherpages from other PDFs on the Teacher Toolbox. Copies of these materials must include all copyright, trademarkand other proprietary rights notices contained on the original pages from which the copies were made. You maynot print, copy, or share any pages from the Read Aloud Trade Books (available only in the Teacher Toolbox forReading at Grades K and 1). You also may not share direct links to resources inside the Teacher Toolbox. Except asspecified in these Terms of Use, you may not reproduce, upload, post, transmit, download or distribute any part ofthe Teacher Toolbox content or information.



Google Classroom Assignment.For districts that use Google Classroom, CA offers educators the ability to easily assign certain student-facingcontent to their students through Google Classroom. If an educator elects to utilize this feature, their use remainssubject to these Terms of Use and the relevant provisions of CA’s data handling policies and procedures that pertainto the Opt-In Google Classroom Assignment Feature, which can be found through the link above. CA’s materials thatare made available in Google Classroom may only be shared with your students and educators, and those materialsmay not otherwise be reproduced, uploaded, posted, transmitted, downloaded, or distributed outside of yourorganization.